femelă mascul
cler laicitate
despărțire unitate
separare unitate
deranj ordine
neorânduială ordine
deranj rânduială
dezordine rânduială
deranj rost
dezordine rost
neorânduială rost
destoinicie incapacitate
incapacitate iscusință
incapacitate potențial
incapacitate pricepere
destoinicie nepricepere
iscusință nepricepere
nepricepere potențial
ordine tulburare
existență neființă
inexistență prezență
neființă prezență
nonexistență prezență
conducător următor
cunoștință străin
cunoștință necunoscut
cunoscut străin
copil părinte
angajator salariat
angajator slujbaș
maică taică
mamă taică
maică tată
mamă tată
băiat copilă
băiat fată
neachitare plată
durere plăcere
plăcere suferință
dezarmare fabricare
deflație inflație
raportare ruptură
relaționare ruptură
imposibilitate potențialitate
imposibilitate probabilitate
imposibilitate virtualitate
neputință posibilitate
neputință potențialitate
neputință probabilitate
neputință virtualitate
heterodox ortodox
eterodox ortodox
gazdă parazit
cooperație concurență
cooperație rivalitate
cooperație întrecere
cooperare concurență
cooperare rivalitate
cooperare întrecere
prostie înțelepciune
incertitudine siguranță
exterior interior
biruință înfrângere
izbândă înfrângere
triumf înfrângere
victorie înfrângere
gratitudine nerecunoștință
ingratitudine recunoștință
prietenie răceală
securitate îndoială
dubiu securitate
incertitudine securitate
neîncredere securitate
nesiguranță securitate
securitate scepticism
siguranță îndoială
dubiu siguranță
neîncredere siguranță
siguranță scepticism
răspuns întrebare
chestiune răspuns
inferior superior
superior subaltern
superior subordonat
ascendent descendent
ascendent urmaș
imparțialitate părtinire
favorizare imparțialitate
comedie tragedie
compatibilitate nepotrivire
grăsan pricăjit
grăsan sfrijit
grăsan slăbănog
costeliv grăsan
bunăstare lipsă
lipsă prosperitate
bogăție lipsă
belșug lipsă
bunăstare mizerie
mizerie prosperitate
bogăție mizerie
belșug mizerie
bunăstare nevoie
nevoie prosperitate
bogăție nevoie
belșug nevoie
bunăstare sărăcie
prosperitate sărăcie
bogăție sărăcie
belșug sărăcie
cetățean străin
mătușă unchi
tanti unchi
trecut viitor
trecut viitorime
bărbat nevastă
bărbat soție
gospodar nevastă
gospodar soție
nevastă soț
uscăciune umiditate
dezbinare unificare
sciziune unificare
dezbinare unire
sciziune unire
anod catod
minoritate majoritate
disciplină neascultare
disciplină nesupunere
conștiință inconștiență
conștiință iresponsabilitate
nominativ oblic
dușman sprijinitor
inamic sprijinitor
sprijinitor vrăjmaș
dușman susținător
inamic susținător
susținător vrăjmaș
buruiană cultură
indelicatețe tact
alienare luciditate
alienație luciditate
demență luciditate
luciditate nebunie
luciditate sminteală
luciditate smintire
luciditate țicneală
antonim sinonim
băiat fiică
copil fiică
fiică fecior
fiică fiu
fiică flăcău
export import
față fund
fund față
credință disperare
credință desperare
disperare nădejde
desperare nădejde
disperare speranță
desperare speranță
conductor dielectric
conductor izolant
amărăciune fericire
fericire mâhnire
fericire nenorocire
desăvârșire imperfecțiune
imperfecțiune sublim
băiat fetișoară
băiat fetiță
băiat fetică
față spate
diform formă
formă inform
formă slut
formă strâmb
coborâre suiș
coborâre urcuș
coborâș suiș
coborâș urcuș
conservator liberal
optimist pesimist
capitalism socialism
generalitate particularitate
generalitate specific
particularitate universalitate
specific universalitate
activant inhibitor
activator inhibitor
căldură frig
căldură răceală
accept dezaprobare
indecență modestie
adevăr falsitate
adevăr inexactitate
consoană vocală
consonantă vocală
optimism pesimism
albeață negreală
albeață negreață
albeață negru
cumpănă instabilitate
cumpănă dezechilibru
paralelogram trapez
câștigător ghinionist
ghinionist învingător
câștigător nenorocos
nenorocos învingător
câștigător păgubos
păgubos învingător
comunitate individualitate
amestec neintervenție
amestec nonintervenție
imixtiune neintervenție
imixtiune nonintervenție
ingerință neintervenție
ingerință nonintervenție
lărgime strânsoare
lărgime îngustime
inumanitate omenie
nestăpânit stăpânire
control nestăpânit
necumpătat stăpânire
control necumpătat
năvalnic stăpânire
control năvalnic
neparticipare prezență
convocare demobilizare
cheltuială câștig
cheltuială venit
inamovibilitate mobilitate
capabilitate incapacitate
anestru căldură
anestru rut
antecedent posterioritate
adult tânăr
bătrân tineret
tineret vârstnic
bătrân tinerime
tinerime vârstnic
slăbire întărire
hiperpigmentare hipopigmentare
întărire șubrezire
acord conflict
acord neînțelegere
emotivitate impasibilitate
emotivitate indiferență
emotivitate nepăsare
distopie utopie
mort vii
mobilizat voluntar
chemat voluntar
opacitate transparență
afirmativ negare
minimă maxim
necunoaștere renume
necunoaștere notorietate
necunoaștere popularitate
neștiință renume
neștiință notorietate
neștiință popularitate
minim maxim
minim maximum
minimum maxim
minimum maximum
continuitate intermitență
netrebnicie valoare
necredință încredințare
certitudine necredință
convingere necredință
necredință siguranță
incredulitate încredințare
certitudine incredulitate
convingere incredulitate
credință incredulitate
incredulitate siguranță
faună floră
faună vegetație
contestație confirmare
confirmare întâmpinare
civil militar
civil ostaș
femeie iubit
femeie prieten
umiditate uscăciune
degradare înaintare
avansare degradare
degradare promovare
antipatic bunătate
antipatic bunăvoință
bunătate dezagreabil
bunăvoință dezagreabil
bunătate neplăcut
bunăvoință neplăcut
bunătate nesuferit
bunăvoință nesuferit
bunătate respingător
bunăvoință respingător
compresie decompresiune
comprimare decompresiune
compresie decomprimare
compresiune decomprimare
ruptură raportare
ruptură relaționare
acromatism culoare
cuvioșie impietate
evlavie impietate
impietate pioșenie
impietate smerenie
adunare dezarmare
dezarmare întrunire
decontaminare poluare
confirmare contestație
inconștiență responsabilitate
deconectare legătură
conexiune deconectare
noapte zi
iscusință incapacitate
abilitate nepotrivire
destoinicie inabilitate
destoinicie nepotrivire
curtoazie necuviință
curtoazie impolitețe
curtoazie grosolănie
curtoazie ireverență
fericire tristețe
mândrie umilință
capăt plecare
final plecare
fine plecare
plecare încheiere
plecare sfârșit
grație neîndemânare
grație stângăcie
gheenă rai
iad rai
infern rai
rai tartar
hades rai
asemănare deosebire
deosebire potrivire
deosebire similitudine
asemănare diferență
diferență potrivire
diferență similitudine
blândețe rău
bunătate rău
activitate inacțiune
impotență înrâurire
neputință înrâurire
slăbiciune înrâurire
influență impotență
influență neputință
influență slăbiciune
impotență putere
neputință putere
putere slăbiciune
impotență trecere
neputință trecere
slăbiciune trecere
notorietate necunoaștere
notorietate neștiință
blam recomandare
condamnare recomandare
dezaprobare recomandare
aprobare blam
aprobare condamnare
admirație desconsiderare
admirație desconsiderație
desconsiderare prețuire
desconsiderație prețuire
desconsiderare stimă
desconsiderație stimă
considerație desconsiderare
milostenie neîndurare
insatisfacție mulțumire
nemulțumire satisfacție
anomalie normalitate
deviere normalitate
neasemănare similaritate
neasemănare similitudine
luminozitate obtuzitate
inteligență stupiditate
pricepere stupiditate
minte stupiditate
inteligență prostie
prostie pricepere
minte prostie
bărbat femeie
bărbat muiere
aprovizionare cerere
aprovizionare cerință
aprovizionare căutare
cerere furnizare
cerință furnizare
căutare furnizare
lipsă prezență
ascensiune descreștere
descreștere înălțare
descreștere ridicare
descreștere suire
descreștere suit
descreștere urcare
descreștere urcat
descreștere suiș
descreștere urcuș
creștere stagnare
maturizare stagnare
contractare mărire
contracție mărire
curățenie mizerie
curățenie murdărie
mizerie sanitate
mijloc încheiere
final mijloc
fine mijloc
mijloc sfârșit
mijloc început
cinstire dezonoare
dezonoare stimă
dezonoare vază
cinstire necinste
necinste onoare
necinste stimă
necinste vază
evaziune plătire
evaziune plată
absență prezență
antipatie plăcere
aversiune plăcere
insecuritate siguranță
dezavantaj superioritate
avantaj inconvenient
inconvenient superioritate
avantaj neajuns
neajuns superioritate
dos față
bot dos
bot spate
adaos decrement
decrement spor
creștere decrement
creștere diminuare
creștere scădere
creștere tăiere
bonitate insolvabilitate
bonitate insolvență
insolvență solvabilitate
ascuțime tocit
ascuțime bont
finețe tocit
bont finețe
depresie exaltare
depresie înflăcărare
răutate voioșie
farmec urâțenie
farmec hidoșenie
atracție urâțenie
atracție hidoșenie
abstinent băutor
abstinent bețiv
alcoolic abstinent
conexiune izolare
corelație izolare
izolare legătură
curățenie neglijență
curățenie dezordine
binefăcător rău
altruism egocentrism
altruism egoism
altruism egotism
egoism generozitate
bunăstare necaz
bunăstare supărare
bunăstare neajuns
bunăstare impas
necaz prosperitate
prosperitate supărare
neajuns prosperitate
impas prosperitate
bine necaz
bine supărare
bine neajuns
bine impas
sărăcie îmbelșugare
abundență sărăcie
fixitate mobilitate
adecvare nepotrivire
loialitate necredință
lealitate necredință
necredință teism
pericol securitate
pericol siguranță
primejdie securitate
primejdie siguranță
fidelitate necredință
rău îndreptățire
justificare rău
legitimitate rău
beneficiu deficit
beneficiu pierdere
deficit profit
profit pierdere
energie slăbiciune
slăbiciune vigoare
achitare sentință
achitare verdict
achitare condamnare
dificultate ușurință
dificultate facilitate
continuare discontinuitate
continuare intermitență
continuare întrerupere
descurajare îmbărbătare
descurajare încurajare
nenorocire șansă
baftă nenorocire
pierdere profit
conștiinciozitate inconștiență
exigență inconștiență
inconștiență meticulozitate
inconștiență minuțiozitate
inconștiență scrupulozitate
congruență nepotrivire
disensiune înțelegere
dezacord înțelegere
diferend înțelegere
conflict înțelegere
armonie disensiune
armonie dezacord
armonie diferend
armonie conflict
consonanță disensiune
consonanță dezacord
consonanță diferend
consonanță conflict
disensiune pace
dezacord pace
diferend pace
conflict pace
corectitudine inexactitate
dreptate inexactitate
auroră apus
auroră asfințit
apus răsărit
asfințit răsărit
apus zori
asfințit zori
meticulozitate nepăsare
migală nepăsare
migăleală nepăsare
minuțiozitate nepăsare
nepăsare scrupulozitate
subaltern superior
subordonat superior
decizie nehotărâre
decizie șovăială
hotărâre șovăială
hotărâre indecizie
decizie ezitare
decizie nesiguranță
ezitare fermitate
fermitate nehotărâre
fermitate nesiguranță
fermitate șovăială
ezitare hotărâre
hotărâre nesiguranță
aristocrat doamnă
bravură frică
bravură teamă
bravură spaimă
curaj frică
curaj teamă
curaj spaimă
frică neînfricare
neînfricare teamă
neînfricare spaimă
decadență îmbunătățire
decădere îmbunătățire
declin îmbunătățire
regres îmbunătățire
ameliorare decadență
ameliorare decădere
ameliorare declin
ameliorare regres
pricepere prostie
bărbăție frică
bărbăție teamă
bărbăție temere
bravură temere
curaj temere
cutezanță frică
cutezanță teamă
cutezanță temere
dârzenie frică
dârzenie teamă
dârzenie temere
frică încumetare
teamă încumetare
temere încumetare
frică îndrăzneală
teamă îndrăzneală
temere îndrăzneală
neînfricare temere
frică semeție
semeție teamă
semeție temere
frică temeritate
temeritate teamă
temeritate temere
reclamant învinuit
acuzat reclamant
inculpat reclamant
pârât reclamant
început încheiere
final început
fine început
sfârșit început
mărime micime
doamnă nobil
doamnă lord
falsitate veridicitate
falsitate veracitate
fățărnicie veridicitate
fățărnicie veracitate
perfidie veridicitate
perfidie veracitate
prefăcătorie veridicitate
prefăcătorie veracitate
lumină întuneric
grăsime slăbiciune
dreptate inechitate
dreptate injustiție
echitate nedreptate
echitate injustiție
inechitate justiție
justiție nedreptate
fecior fiică
fiu fiică
flăcău fiică
armonie disonanță
armonie stridență
armonie zgomot
încheiere începere
încheiere început
sfârșit începere
corectitudine greșeală
greșeală moralitate
comasare dispersie
densitate dispersie
inactivitate îndeletnicire
inactivitate preocupare
conflict consonanță
indisciplină obediență
neascultare obediență
nesupunere obediență
indisciplină supunere
neascultare supunere
ascultare indisciplină
ascultare nesupunere
indisciplină smerenie
neascultare smerenie
nesupunere smerenie
neacceptare recunoaștere
recunoaștere refuz
recunoaștere respingere
aprobare neacceptare
aprobare refuz
aprobare respingere
neseriozitate încredere
ușurătate încredere
inexactitate scrupulozitate
acuratețe inexactitate
evidență irealitate
complexitate simplicitate
complexitate simplitate
eșec succes
moliciune volum
maturitate verde
intoleranță permisivitate
falsitate sinceritate
fățărnicie sinceritate
grosime subțirime
conveniență incomoditate
nonconformism uniformitate
alb negru
frăgezime învechire
frăgezime perimare
prospețime învechire
prospețime perimare
flexibilitate rigiditate
accelerare încetinire
accelerare frânare
grăbire încetinire
frânare grăbire
iuțire încetinire
frânare iuțire
urgentare încetinire
frânare urgentare
ariergardă cap
analfabetism carte
noutate vechime
moderație necumpătare
necumpătare înțelepciune
măsură necumpătare
necumpătare temperanță
concizie limbuție
concizie vorbărie
concizie verbozitate
alianță nealiniere
alianță neangajare
coaliție nealiniere
coaliție neangajare
conformare indisciplină
conformare neascultare
conformare nesupunere
apărare acuzare
apărare procuror
angajare neimplicare
angajare neparticipare
implicare neparticipare
floră faună
majoritate minoritate
creștere micșorare
creștere reducere
celebritate infamie
celebritate oprobriu
debut sfârșit
debut final
mărunțiș necesitate
fleac necesitate
necesitate nimic
mărunțiș nevoie
fleac nevoie
nevoie nimic
mărunțiș trebuință
fleac trebuință
nimic trebuință
dezvoltare involuție
dezvoltare regres
dezvoltare decădere
dezvoltare declin
dezvoltare degenerare
evoluție involuție
evoluție regres
decădere evoluție
declin evoluție
degenerare evoluție
acuzare apărare
creștere decădere
creștere declin
creștere regres
decădere mărire
declin mărire
mărire regres
liniște răsunet
răsunet tăcere
liniște sunet
sunet tăcere
claritate opacitate
limpezime opacitate
claritate transluciditate
limpezime transluciditate
nerecunoaștere preocupare
dizgrație preocupare
atenție distracție
grijă neatenție
distracție grijă
interes neatenție
distracție interes
neatenție preocupare
distracție preocupare
angajare șomaj
cap revers
potrivnicie prietenie
prietenie vrăjmășie
avers pajură
avers ban
față pajură
ban față
faimă infamie
glorie infamie
infamie prestigiu
infamie renume
infamie reputație
monarh regină
regină rege
regină suveran
monarh suverană
rege suverană
nepot nepoată
desegregare segregație
integrare segregație
integrare segregare
perdant învingător
câștigător perdant
apariție dispariție
limpezime neclaritate
nadir zenit
apreciere dezaprobare
minimalizare maximizare
minimizare maximizare
eliminare includere
excludere includere
includere îndepărtare
includere înlăturare
includere scoatere
hipertiroidie hipotiroidism
hipertiroidie hipotiroidie
hipertiroidism hipotiroidism
hipertiroidism hipotiroidie
afinitate consanguinitate
hipotiroidism hipertiroidie
hipotiroidism hipertiroidism
hipotiroidie hipertiroidie
hipotiroidie hipertiroidism
dezarmare înarmare
hipotermie hipertermie
hipersomnie insomnie
hipersomnie nesomn
inadecvare potrivire
hipertermie hipotermie
chibzuială nechibzuință
chibzuială nesăbuință
chibzuință nesăbuință
duritate moliciune
concentrare diluare
flexare îndreptare
îndreptare îndoire
dezordine îngrijire
apreciere depreciere
elitist egalitarist
inechitate justețe
injustiție justețe
justețe nedreptate
minim record
activare dezamorsare
deschidere discreție
deschidere rezervă
deschidere reținere
credibilitate neverosimilitate
echilibru instabilitate
câștigător pierzător
avantaj pedeapsă
avantaj penalizare
minorat majorat
minoritate majorat
imprudență precauție
chibzuială imprudență
neprevedere precauție
chibzuială neprevedere
furtișag lovitură
hipertensiune hipotensiune
yang yin
fertilitate sterilitate
fecunditate sterilitate
yin yang
inexpresivitate scumpătate
dispariție ivire
câștig pierdere
incompletitudine întregime
deplinătate incompletitudine
multiculturalism naționalism
majuscul minuscul
capital minuscul
asincronie sincronicitate
asincronism sincronicitate
desincronizare sincronicitate
asincronism sincronie
desincronizare sincronie
creditor datornic
creditor debitor
minuscul majuscul
enciclopedist specialist
enciclopedist expert
alopatie homeopatie
nepoată nepot
masochist sadic
față verso
recto verso
porozitate soliditate
porozitate tărie
afeliu periheliu
feminitate masculinitate
hipotensiune hipertensiune
hipoglicemie hiperglicemie
apropiere depărtare
depărtare împrejurime
depărtare preajmă
ateism cucernicie
cucernicie necredință
ateism cuvioșie
cuvioșie necredință
acolo aici
extravertit introvertit
clasicist romantic
centralitate marginalitate
relaxare întărire
depigmentare pigmentație
flashback prolepsă
anabolism catabolism
asimilație catabolism
anabolism dezasimilare
asimilație dezasimilare
anabolism dezasimilație
alcalinitate aciditate
finitudine infinit
finitudine necuprins
finitudine nemărginire
finitudine nesfârșire
finitudine nesfârșit
hiperglicemie hipoglicemie
monosemie polisemantism
monosemie polisemie
hipercalcemie hipocalcemie
monoteism politeism
atomism holism
cordialitate țâfnă
eucariot procariot
acapnie hipercapnie
acapnie hipercarbie
destindere formalism
disforie euforie
îndoire îndreptare
hipotonie hipertonie
impotență virilitate
bărbăție impotență
hipocalcemie hipercalcemie
descărcare încărcare
descărcat încărcare
extrovertire introversiune
debarcare îmbarcare
dezumflare gonflare
deznaționalizare etatizare
etatizare privatizare
dezetatizare naționalizare
naționalizare privatizare
endogamie exogamie
hipermetropie miopie
altorelief basorelief
coerență inconsistență
abstinent alcoolic
emersiune imersiune
invarianță variabilitate
civilitate necuviință
civilitate impolitețe
civilitate grosolănie
civilitate mojicie
binefacere răutate
caritate răutate
filantropie răutate
lărgire îngustare
lărgire strâmtare
lățire îngustare
lățire strâmtare
maximizare minimalizare
maximizare minimizare
exogamie endogamie
hipertonie hipotonie
clasificare desecretizare
crește reducere
crește scădere
hipopigmentare hiperpigmentare
clasicism romantism
folos morbiditate
imuabilitate mutabilitate
fixitate mutabilitate
egalitarist elitist
general particular
general specific
maxim minimă
meridional nordic
nordic sudic
aici acolo
comprimare decompresie
cuviință intruziune
decență intruziune
pronație supinație
perimare prospețime
delicatețe meschinărie
finețe meschinărie
desfătare neplăcere
neplăcere satisfacție
laicitate sfințenie
laicitate sanctitate
constanță nestatornicie
bătrânețe tinerețe
fitness nepotrivire
umilință vanitate
smerenie vanitate
mitomanie sinceritate
franchețe mitomanie
profunzime superficialitate
profunzime ușurință
profunditate superficialitate
profunditate ușurință
bucurie regret
bucurie mâhnire
amărăciune bucurie
insomnie somnolență
insomnie toropeală
insomnie moleșeală
cortex măduvă
donator zgârcit
inocență vină
nevinovăție vină
inocență vinovăție
cusur merit
defect merit
imperfecțiune merit
lipsă merit
merit meteahnă
merit neajuns
merit scădere
merit slăbiciune
cusur valoare
defect valoare
imperfecțiune valoare
lipsă valoare
meteahnă valoare
neajuns valoare
scădere valoare
slăbiciune valoare
naivitate rafinament
intelectualism naivitate
nimic necesitate
nimic nevoie
eterogenitate omogenitate
apus auroră
asfințit auroră
asperitate netezime
asperitate catifelare
asprime netezime
asprime catifelare
concurență cooperație
concurență cooperare
dinamism pasivitate
energie pasivitate
pasivitate vlagă
dinamism inerție
energie inerție
inerție vlagă
dinamism inactivitate
energie inactivitate
inactivitate vlagă
meteahnă merit
rege regină
bună-cuviință indecență
indecență manieră
agitație pace
agitație răgaz
agitație tihnă
agitație calm
discreție deschidere
deprimare exaltare
generozitate zgârcenie
dărnicie zgârcenie
avariție generozitate
avariție dărnicie
refuz recunoaștere
respingere recunoaștere
ireverență respect
deferență ireverență
considerație ireverență
ireverență stimă
nerăbdare îngăduință
prietenie potrivnicie
rușinos viteaz
sfios viteaz
timid viteaz
începere încheiere
cinstire necuviință
considerație necuviință
necuviință prețuire
necuviință stimă
aprobare oprobriu
aprobare stigmatizare
bravură lașitate
curaj lașitate
dezinteres grijă
grijă indiferență
grijă nepăsare
interes indiferență
interes nepăsare
lașitate neînfricare
amabilitate rea-voință
bunăvoință rea-voință
gentilețe rea-voință
impolitețe manieră
eșec reușită
eșec realizare
insucces reușită
insucces realizare
nereușită succes
nereușită realizare
fiasco reușită
fiasco succes
fiasco realizare
artificialitate naturalețe
exactitudine inexactitate
frivolitate seriozitate
circumspecție imprudență
aciditate alcalinitate
frivolitate gravitate
gravitate neseriozitate
gravitate ușurătate
seriozitate ușurătate
frivolitate solemnitate
neseriozitate solemnitate
solemnitate ușurătate
bine rău
bun rău
amor dușmănie
dușmănie dragoste
dușmănie iubire
amor ură
dragoste ură
iubire ură
discreditare reputație
discreditare nume
deces naștere
dispariție naștere
moarte naștere
naștere pieire
naștere stingere
naștere sucombare
naștere sfârșit
eficacitate ineficiență
micime mărime
coeziune incoerență
frumusețe urâțenie
eficiență ineficacitate
incapacitate posibilitate
neputință potențial
capabilitate neputință
teamă temeritate
temere temeritate
dispersie densitate
farmec neplăcere
adăugare reținere
dragoste dușmănie
scepticism securitate
scepticism siguranță
calm frământare
calm neastâmpăr
calm neliniște
calm zbucium
majorat minorat
majorat minoritate
afluent braț
braț confluent
afluent ramificație
confluent ramificație
afluent ramură
confluent ramură
claritate imprecizie
imprecizie limpezime
claritate obscuritate
limpezime obscuritate
indiferență interes
decădere dezvoltare
declin dezvoltare
fermitate inconsecvență
inconsecvență stabilitate
fermitate inconstanță
inconstanță stabilitate
fermitate instabilitate
fermitate nestatornicie
nestatornicie stabilitate
expert enciclopedist
degenerare dezvoltare
negativism pozitivism
bărbăție sfială
bărbăție timiditate
curaj sfială
curaj timiditate
cutezanță sfială
cutezanță timiditate
dârzenie sfială
dârzenie timiditate
sfială încumetare
timiditate încumetare
sfială îndrăzneală
timiditate îndrăzneală
neînfricare sfială
neînfricare timiditate
sfială temeritate
temeritate timiditate
impotență influență
câștig cheltuială
timiditate temeritate
comoditate disconfort
comoditate inconfort
disconfort liniște
inconfort liniște
disconfort tihnă
inconfort tihnă
maxim minim
maxim minimum
maximum minim
maximum minimum
