bine rău
ager agale
ager alene
ager binișor
ager domol
ager încet
ager încetinel
ager încetișor
ager lin
agil agale
agil alene
agil binișor
agil domol
agil încet
agil încetinel
agil încetișor
agil lin
agale iute
alene iute
binișor iute
domol iute
iute încet
iute încetinel
iute încetișor
iute lin
agale repede
alene repede
binișor repede
domol repede
repede încet
repede încetinel
repede încetișor
lin repede
agale sprinten
alene sprinten
binișor sprinten
domol sprinten
sprinten încet
sprinten încetinel
sprinten încetișor
lin sprinten
agale vioi
alene vioi
binișor vioi
domol vioi
vioi încet
vioi încetinel
vioi încetișor
lin vioi
agale rapid
alene rapid
binișor rapid
domol rapid
rapid încet
rapid încetinel
rapid încetișor
lin rapid
clar ininteligibil
clar neinteligibil
încolo încoace
nepotrivit trebui
acolo aici
corect greșit
incredibil plauzibil
târziu înainte
bine prost
arar des
arareori des
des rar
des rareori
arar frecvent
arareori frecvent
frecvent rar
frecvent rareori
bine dezavantajos
desăvârșit imperfect
impecabil imperfect
ireproșabil imperfect
deschis indirect
fățiș indirect
franc indirect
indirect sincer
firesc neobișnuit
firesc remarcabil
normal neobișnuit
normal remarcabil
obișnuit remarcabil
urmă înainte
înapoi înainte
îndărăt înainte
bine slab
încoace încolo
niciodată întotdeauna
mereu niciodată
niciodată pururi
niciodată totdeauna
înainte înapoi
înainte îndărăt
absolut parțial
complet parțial
completamente parțial
integral parțial
parțial total
accidental anume
accidental dinadins
accidental expres
accidental intenționat
accidental înadins
accidental special
anume întâmplător
dinadins întâmplător
expres întâmplător
intenționat întâmplător
întâmplător înadins
special întâmplător
permanent temporar
afară înăuntru
nerezonabil rațional
constant instabil
mult ușor
amabil urât
jos sus
forte încet
forte piano
neglijent precaut
neglijent prevăzător
neglijent prudent
incredibil verosimil
tare încet
cinstit nesincer
meditativ mut
firește nenatural
bineînțeles nenatural
figurativ literalmente
figurativ literal
inofensiv jignitor
inofensiv ofensator
inofensiv neplăcut
comod inconfortabil
disproporționat proporțional
gros subțire
public privat
defensiv ofensiv
agresiv defensiv
descurajant încurajator
descurajator încurajator
agitat liniștit
liniștit tulburat
agitat potolit
potolit tulburat
anume involuntar
dinadins involuntar
expres involuntar
involuntar intenționat
involuntar înadins
involuntar special
anume neintenționat
dinadins neintenționat
expres neintenționat
neintenționat înadins
neintenționat special
adecvat nepotrivit
corespunzător nepotrivit
inegal regulat
neegal regulat
ingrat recunoscător
natural nesigur
zgomotos încet
imperceptibil vizibil
evident imperceptibil
puțin puternic
docil neascultător
neascultător supus
neascultător obedient
imperfect impecabil
imperfect ireproșabil
inconștient lucid
abstract concret
corect imoral
drept imoral
incorect îngrijit
agale ager
agale agil
alene ager
alene agil
clar imprecis
clar echivoc
deslușit imprecis
deslușit echivoc
distinct imprecis
distinct echivoc
imprecis lămurit
echivoc lămurit
imprecis limpede
echivoc limpede
echivoc precis
nesimțitor sensibil
inuman omenos
măsurabil nemăsurat
modern neelegant
aspru fin
explicit implicit
convenabil nepotrivit
captivant neinteresant
eficace ineficient
eficient ineficace
binevoitor răuvoitor
agreabil neatrăgător
drăguț neatrăgător
estetic neatrăgător
frumos neatrăgător
neatrăgător plăcut
nefavorabil prielnic
nerezonabil potrivit
moderat nerezonabil
nerezonabil temperat
inconștient responsabil
amabil nepoliticos
amabil necivilizat
necivilizat politicos
inobservabil ostentativ
neobservabil ostentativ
fin ostentativ
binaural monaural
sărac scump
sărăcăcios scump
econom nechibzuit
credul precaut
naiv precaut
credul prevăzător
naiv prevăzător
credul prudent
naiv prudent
flexibil neclintit
ceremonios ireverențios
nefericit vesel
nefericit voios
concurențial necompetitiv
corect nedrept
agreabil nesuferit
dezagreabil plăcut
nesuferit plăcut
distractiv dezagreabil
distractiv nesuferit
agreabil neplăcut
distractiv neplăcut
fortissimo pianissimo
empiric teoretic
nebunește rațional
cuprinzător incomprehensibil
atent nepăsător
ilegal licit
impardonabil scuzabil
indescifrabil lizibil
lizibil nedescifrabil
dinăuntru exterior
exterior interior
exterior intern
impenitent spășit
ilicit legal
circumspect nepăsător
nepăsător prudent
aparte inseparabil
deosebit inseparabil
inseparabil separat
credincios infidel
neobișnuit normal
eficace infructuos
ambiguu inechivoc
ambiguu neechivoc
dezagreabil distractiv
activ pasiv
puternic puțin
nepriceput îndemânatic
optimist pesimist
nesăbuit înțelept
nesocotit înțelept
prostesc înțelept
opțional obligatoriu
decisiv indecis
decorativ necuviincios
necuviincios ornamental
acoperit fățiș
nepermis permisiv
folositor neajutorat
scump sărac
scump sărăcăcios
maxim minim
maxim minimal
maximal minim
maximal minimal
modest pretențios
minim maxim
minim maximal
minimal maxim
minimal maximal
inofensiv păgubitor
dăunător inofensiv
nevătămător păgubitor
dăunător nevătămător
benign păgubitor
benign dăunător
bucuros trist
trist voios
privat public
central periferic
convex concav
nesigur natural
acut cronic
obligatoriu opțional
concav convex
mut meditativ
aici acolo
dedesubt deasupra
anume accidental
înadins întâmplător
intenționat involuntar
