nicicând niciodată
niciodată nicicând
apropiat intim
apropiat strâns
intim strâns
anevoie abia
grav serios
ager agil
ager iute
ager repede
ager sprinten
ager vioi
ager rapid
agil ager
agil iute
agil repede
agil sprinten
agil vioi
agil rapid
iute repede
iute sprinten
iute vioi
iute rapid
repede sprinten
repede vioi
repede rapid
sprinten vioi
rapid sprinten
rapid vioi
rapid repede
clar inteligibil
târziu ulterior
loc schimb
corect cinstit
corect curat
cinstit corect
cinstit curat
curat corect
curat cinstit
pentru să
greșit incorect
greșit necorect
incorect necorect
adevăr chiar
astăzi azi
azi astăzi
direct drept
direct neocolit
drept direct
drept neocolit
acum adineauri
adineauri acum
credibil plauzibil
câteodată uneori
des frecvent
desăvârșit impecabil
desăvârșit ireproșabil
desăvârșit perfect
impecabil ireproșabil
impecabil perfect
ireproșabil impecabil
ireproșabil perfect
posibil potențial
potențial posibil
deschis direct
deschis fățiș
deschis franc
deschis sincer
direct deschis
direct fățiș
direct franc
direct sincer
fățiș franc
fățiș sincer
franc fățiș
franc sincer
înapoi îndărăt
îndărăt înapoi
destul îndeajuns
destul suficient
suficient îndeajuns
drept just
fugitiv sumar
târziu urmă
grabnic prompt
grabnic rapid
prompt rapid
colaborare împreună
totalitate întregime
firesc normal
firesc obișnuit
normal obișnuit
prim întâi
altfel altcumva
altfel altminteri
altminteri altcumva
altminteri altfel
aproape aproximativ
aproape cam
aproape circa
aproape vreo
aproximativ aproape
aproximativ cam
aproximativ circa
aproximativ vreo
cam circa
cam vreo
mai încă
urmă înapoi
urmă îndărăt
anevoie greu
neînsoțit singur
concis laconic
concis lapidar
concis succint
concis concentrat
laconic lapidar
laconic succint
concentrat laconic
lapidar laconic
lapidar succint
concentrat lapidar
concentrat succint
concentrat concis
cum îndată
apropiere împrejurime
apropiere jur
apropiere preajmă
apropiere vecinătate
preajmă împrejurime
vecinătate împrejurime
jur preajmă
jur vecinătate
preajmă vecinătate
altcum altfel
altcum altminteri
altfel altcum
altminteri altcum
chiar până
iar nou
iarăși nou
astfel așa
corect exact
corect da
încă și
accidental întâmplător
concentrat încordat
ciudat curios
curios ciudat
cumpănit măsurat
intens mult
precaut prevăzător
precaut prudent
prevăzător precaut
prevăzător prudent
prudent precaut
prudent prevăzător
piano încet
adânc profund
continuu neîncetat
puțin scurt
efectiv realmente
efectiv literalmente
literalmente realmente
acum imediat
acum îndată
acum numaidecât
acum acușica
acum acuși
imediat îndată
imediat numaidecât
acuși imediat
numaidecât îndată
acuși îndată
acuși numaidecât
acuși acum
amănunțit atent
amănunțit îndeaproape
atent amănunțit
atent îndeaproape
primprejur împrejur
strâns încleștat
grăbit grabnic
grabnic grăbit
cinstit sincer
prost slab
orișiunde încotro
oriunde încotro
orișiunde oriunde
oriunde orișiunde
automat mecanic
esențial fundamental
gradat progresiv
gradat treptat
progresiv treptat
arar rareori
bineînțeles firește
firește natural
bineînțeles natural
categoric cert
categoric precis
categoric sigur
cert categoric
cert precis
cert sigur
precis sigur
agresiv aspru
aspru agresiv
neglijent neatent
neatent neglijent
slab stins
stins slab
dublu îndoit
surprinzător uimitor
bine deplin
oblic înclinat
hidos înfiorător
hidos oribil
groaznic hidos
oribil înfiorător
groaznic înfiorător
groaznic oribil
neîntârziat prompt
drept imparțial
drept nepărtinitor
drept obiectiv
imparțial nepărtinitor
imparțial obiectiv
nepărtinitor obiectiv
jignitor ofensator
jignitor neplăcut
neplăcut ofensator
diseară deseară
astă-seară diseară
deseară diseară
astă-seară deseară
evident vizibil
nedeslușit slab
neclar slab
nedeslușit neclar
neclar nedeslușit
formal oficial
brusc spontan
aprig feroce
crunt feroce
feroce înverșunat
aprig crunt
aprig înverșunat
crunt înverșunat
etc. etcetera
etc. șamd
bine corect
bine exact
bine precis
corect precis
exact precis
nemilos neîndurător
neîndurător nemilos
analog asemănător
analog similar
asemănător analog
asemănător similar
funest nefast
dureros jalnic
fatalmente inevitabil
neajutorat neîndemânatic
neajutorat nepriceput
neajutorat stângaci
neîndemânatic neajutorat
neîndemânatic nepriceput
neîndemânatic stângaci
nepriceput neajutorat
nepriceput neîndemânatic
nepriceput stângaci
abominabil odios
detestabil odios
abominabil detestabil
bosumflat îmbufnat
bosumflat ursuz
bosumflat morocănos
ursuz îmbufnat
morocănos îmbufnat
morocănos ursuz
compact dens
puțin ușor
ocazional sporadic
strălucit sclipitor
sclipitor strălucit
agresiv ofensiv
corect just
furtunos turbulent
etern veșnic
brusc precipitat
abil dibaci
abil iscusit
abil priceput
dibaci iscusit
dibaci priceput
iscusit priceput
impertinent nerușinat
liniștit potolit
involuntar neintenționat
necugetat prostește
necugetat stupid
prostește stupid
adecvat corespunzător
adecvat potrivit
corespunzător potrivit
accidental incidental
incidental întâmplător
incontestabil indiscutabil
incontestabil necontestabil
incontestabil nediscutabil
incontestabil indubitabil
indiscutabil incontestabil
indiscutabil necontestabil
indiscutabil nediscutabil
indiscutabil indubitabil
necontestabil nediscutabil
indubitabil necontestabil
nediscutabil necontestabil
indubitabil nediscutabil
indubitabil incontestabil
indubitabil indiscutabil
inutil zadarnic
complicat elaborat
amiabil afabil
afabil amiabil
alternativ succesiv
grav solemn
serios solemn
solemn serios
ineficient neeficient
băț drept
băț rigid
băț țeapăn
bățos drept
bățos rigid
bățos țeapăn
drept rigid
drept țeapăn
rigid țeapăn
asemănător asemenea
aspru strident
discordant strident
aspru discordant
strălucitor sclipitor
sclipitor strălucitor
ferm hotărât
adică anume
anume adică
armonios melodios
automat mașinal
mașinal mecanic
mecanic mașinal
inexorabil implacabil
inexorabil neîndurător
implacabil inexorabil
implacabil neîndurător
delicat fin
delicat gingaș
delicat suav
fin gingaș
fin suav
gingaș suav
hazardant periculos
hazardant primejdios
hazardant riscant
periculos primejdios
periculos riscant
primejdios periculos
primejdios riscant
docil supus
ascultător docil
docil obedient
ascultător supus
obedient supus
ascultător obedient
lugubru macabru
lugubru sinistru
macabru sinistru
calm liniștit
liniștit tihnit
liniștit odihnitor
calm tihnit
calm odihnitor
odihnitor tihnit
deplorabil jalnic
deplorabil lamentabil
jalnic lamentabil
corect moral
corect drept
drept moral
ales special
special îndeosebi
ales îndeosebi
fiecum oricum
fiecum orișicum
oricum orișicum
orișicum oricum
laolaltă împreună
dimpreună împreună
cam întru
cam oarecum
oarecum întru
considerabil substanțial
bine substanțial
mult substanțial
bine considerabil
considerabil mult
bine mult
complet totalmente
actualmente acum
acum actualmente
complet integral
doar numai
agale alene
agale binișor
agale domol
agale încet
agale încetinel
agale încetișor
agale lin
alene agale
alene binișor
alene domol
alene încet
alene încetinel
alene încetișor
alene lin
binișor domol
binișor încet
binișor încetinel
binișor încetișor
binișor lin
domol încet
domol încetinel
domol încetișor
domol lin
lin încet
încetinel încetișor
lin încetinel
încetișor încetinel
lin încetișor
abrupt prăpăstios
abrupt brusc
brusc prăpăstios
ușor încetișor
nițel oarecum
nițel puțin
oarecum puțin
clar distinct
clar lămurit
clar limpede
distinct lămurit
distinct limpede
lămurit limpede
limpede lămurit
pesemne poate
pesemne probabil
poate pesemne
poate probabil
probabil pesemne
probabil poate
absolut complet
absolut completamente
absolut integral
absolut total
complet total
completamente integral
completamente total
integral total
dimpreună laolaltă
mereu întotdeauna
pururi întotdeauna
mereu pururi
mereu totdeauna
pururi totdeauna
bineînțeles desigur
bineînțeles sigur
oricând orișicând
oricând totdeauna
orișicând oricând
orișicând totdeauna
atât așa
mereu întruna
necontenit întruna
neîncetat întruna
mereu necontenit
mereu neîncetat
necontenit neîncetat
neîncetat necontenit
grav rău
rău serios
bine clar
bine deslușit
bine distinct
clar deslușit
deslușit distinct
distinct deslușit
clar precis
deslușit lămurit
deslușit limpede
deslușit precis
distinct precis
lămurit precis
limpede precis
exact întocmai
virulent violent
violent virulent
consolator mângâietor
bestial feroce
insensibil nesimțitor
arogant semeț
fonemic fonematic
fonematic fonemic
indiferent nepăsător
eficace eficient
eficient eficace
meritoriu merituos
merituos meritoriu
metafizic transcendent
inconștient iresponsabil
iresponsabil inconștient
nepoliticos necivilizat
necivilizat nepoliticos
mizer umil
social-economic socioeconomic
socioeconomic social-economic
inobservabil neobservabil
fin inobservabil
fin neobservabil
groaznic îngrozitor
lacom vorace
favorabil prielnic
ininteligibil neinteligibil
extrem grozav
extrem teribil
grozav teribil
hebdomadar săptămânal
răscolitor răvășitor
răvășitor răscolitor
contrar invers
contrar opus
invers opus
agitat tulburat
sărac sărăcăcios
sărăcăcios sărac
prost rău
echivoc imprecis
gânditor meditativ
gânditor reflexiv
meditativ reflexiv
negativ rău
amăgitor înșelător
verbos vorbăreț
vorbăreț verbos
batjocoritor zeflemitor
cast virtuos
glumeț hazliu
glumeț poznaș
hazliu poznaș
acut usturător
chibzuit econom
caraghios ridicol
dictatorial tiranic
călare încălecat
insubordonat recalcitrant
mâhnit îndurerat
inflexibil neclintit
ceremonios reverențios
competitiv concurențial
concurențial competitiv
admirabil lăudabil
drăgăstos iubitor
deliberat intenționat
deliberat voit
intenționat voit
dușmănos răutăcios
lenevos leneș
leneș lenevos
confer cf.
cf. confer
obtuz prost
obtuz stupid
prost stupid
curat dibaci
drept vertical
ezitant indecis
ezitant nedecis
ezitant nehotărât
ezitant șovăielnic
ezitant șovăitor
indecis nedecis
indecis nehotărât
indecis șovăielnic
indecis șovăitor
nedecis nehotărât
nedecis șovăielnic
nedecis șovăitor
nehotărât nedecis
nehotărât șovăielnic
nehotărât șovăitor
șovăielnic șovăitor
șovăitor șovăielnic
implorator rugător
dezgustător revoltător
impertinent insolent
insolent impertinent
locvace verbos
expansiv exuberant
exuberant expansiv
important însemnat
ineficace ineficient
ineficient ineficace
credibil verosimil
plauzibil verosimil
ambițios determinat
agreabil plăcut
agreabil distractiv
distractiv plăcut
irelevant nerelevant
ferm neclintit
omenesc uman
pasionat pătimaș
pătimaș pasionat
ascuțit strident
ceresc divin
ceresc dumnezeiesc
ceresc providențial
divin dumnezeiesc
divin providențial
dumnezeiesc divin
dumnezeiesc providențial
ponosit zdrențăros
ciuciulete leoarcă
pardonabil scuzabil
cruciș transversal
delicios savuros
nepoliticos nerespectuos
nerespectuos nepoliticos
vesel voios
voios vesel
durabil trainic
regimentar regimental
regimental regimentar
ilizibil indescifrabil
ilizibil nedescifrabil
ilizibil nelizibil
indescifrabil ilizibil
indescifrabil nedescifrabil
indescifrabil nelizibil
nedescifrabil nelizibil
nelizibil nedescifrabil
dulce iubitor
ibidem ibid.
ibidem ib.
ibid. ibidem
ibid. ib.
ib. ibidem
ib. ibid.
opus potrivnic
drăcesc diavolesc
drăcesc diabolic
diavolesc drăcesc
diavolesc diabolic
diabolic drăcesc
diabolic diavolesc
credincios statornic
sfios timid
contagios infecțios
contagios molipsitor
infecțios molipsitor
licit legal
legal licit
circumspect prudent
direct pieptiș
neobrăzat nerușinat
nerușinat neobrăzat
neprofitabil nerentabil
nerentabil neprofitabil
agreabil drăguț
agreabil estetic
agreabil frumos
drăguț estetic
drăguț frumos
drăguț plăcut
estetic frumos
estetic plăcut
frumos plăcut
ireverențios necuviincios
ireverențios nerespectuos
necuviincios nerespectuos
nerespectuos necuviincios
onorabil respectabil
avid lacom
aforistic sentențios
cordial călduros
călduros cordial
colocvial informal
neobișnuit remarcabil
alinător liniștitor
lax lejer
lejer lax
gratis gratuit
gratuit gratis
absurd stupid
ineficace infructuos
ineficient infructuos
infructuos ineficace
infructuos ineficient
bucal oral
atrăgător cuceritor
oblic pieziș
durabil rezistent
rezistent trainic
ambiguu echivoc
cotit șerpuit
cotit șerpuitor
inacceptabil inadmisibil
inacceptabil neacceptabil
inacceptabil neadmisibil
inadmisibil inacceptabil
inadmisibil neacceptabil
inadmisibil neadmisibil
neacceptabil neadmisibil
neadmisibil neacceptabil
inegal neegal
dezagreabil nesuferit
însuflețitor înviorător
înviorător însuflețitor
grotesc monstruos
popesc preoțesc
preoțesc popesc
imaginativ inventiv
inventiv imaginativ
neadecvat necorespunzător
necorespunzător neadecvat
dinăuntru interior
dinăuntru intern
interior intern
intern interior
jegos murdar
somnoros somnolent
somnolent somnoros
emoționant mișcător
superficial sumar
sumar superficial
caustic vitriolant
apozitiv apozițional
apozițional apozitiv
climateric climatic
climatic climateric
accentuat pronunțat
roial regal
regal roial
amabil politicos
bizar ciudat
bizar curios
infatuat îngâmfat
incriminant incriminator
incriminator incriminant
bănuitor suspicios
amiabil amical
amical amiabil
spectacular spectaculos
spectaculos spectacular
otrăvitor toxic
dezgustat îngrețoșat
dezgustat scârbit
scârbit îngrețoșat
isteț ingenios
ingenios isteț
nesăbuit nesocotit
nesăbuit prostesc
nesocotit nesăbuit
nesocotit prostesc
abil șmecher
inelegant neelegant
jalnic mizerabil
jalnic nenorocit
mizerabil nenorocit
agresiv provocator
bombastic grandios
calm sedat
interogativ întrebător
elegant șic
mefient suspicios
pedant tipicar
acid caustic
caustic mușcător
acid mușcător
convulsiv spasmodic
convulsiv spastic
spasmodic spastic
spastic spasmodic
antrenant distractiv
monolingv unilingv
demoralizat descurajat
descurajat demoralizat
aprins încins
insipid șters
pătrunzător penetrant
penetrant pătrunzător
mohorât trist
mohorât posomorât
posomorât trist
insultător jignitor
exact fix
hoțește pungășește
interschimbabil interșanjabil
interșanjabil interschimbabil
glacial rece
amuzant nostim
irascibil iritabil
iritabil irascibil
șmecher șiret
șiret șmecher
servil slugarnic
slugarnic servil
fix imobil
exagerat excesiv
excesiv exagerat
surâzător zâmbitor
bine-mersi confortabil
antagonic antagonist
antagonist antagonic
imobil nemișcat
informativ informațional
informațional informativ
șmecheresc ștrengăresc
ștrengăresc șmecheresc
neschimbat stabil
neschimbător stabil
neschimbat neschimbător
neschimbător neschimbat
nebunesc smintit
nenecesar netrebuincios
netrebuincios nenecesar
catastrofic catastrofal
catastrofal catastrofic
descurajant descurajator
descurajator descurajant
abstrus abscons
abscons abstrus
inospitalier neospitalier
inospitalier neprimitor
neospitalier neprimitor
neprimitor neospitalier
dogmatic dogmatist
dogmatist dogmatic
inechivoc neechivoc
ostentativ provocator
cochet dichisit
cochet elegant
dichisit elegant
invidios pizmaș
invidios pizmuitor
pizmaș pizmuitor
pizmuitor pizmaș
agitat neliniștit
liniștit placid
așa-zis pretins
volubil vorbăreț
vorbăreț volubil
tânguios tânguitor
tânguitor tânguios
suprem ultim
autoritar imperativ
autoritar poruncitor
imperativ poruncitor
inofensiv nevătămător
benign inofensiv
benign nevătămător
psihic psihologic
psihologic psihic
inimaginabil neimaginabil
inimaginabil neînchipuit
neimaginabil neînchipuit
neînchipuit neimaginabil
înflorat înflorit
înflorit înflorat
impetuos impulsiv
impulsiv impetuos
neîntrerupt necontenit
necontenit neîntrerupt
disperat desperat
desperat disperat
arogant încrezut
vioi vesel
vioi voios
vesel vioi
voios vioi
învârtejit învolburat
învolburat învârtejit
dezbrăcat gol
gol nud
dezbrăcat nud
arhitectonic arhitectural
arhitectural arhitectonic
fugitiv rapid
fugitiv superficial
rapid sumar
rapid superficial
decepționant dezamăgitor
dezamăgitor decepționant
fercheș ferchezuit
fercheș spilcuit
ferchezuit fercheș
ferchezuit spilcuit
sfiicios timid
faimos reputat
reputat vestit
faimos vestit
amorf inform
inoportun neoportun
cleios vâscos
cutezător temerar
mecanic robotic
mofturos pretențios
distributiv separat
moderat mediu
intermediar moderat
mediu moderat
intermediar mediu
nesocotit nechibzuit
nechibzuit nesocotit
categorial taxonomic
gălăgios tumultuos
gălăgios turbulent
gălăgios zgomotos
tumultuos turbulent
tumultuos zgomotos
turbulent tumultuos
turbulent zgomotos
dement nebun
credincios fidel
domol liniștit
jenat rușinat
delicios gustos
fraternal frățesc
fratern frățesc
frățesc fraternal
frățesc fratern
copilăresc infantil
bianual bienal
bienal bianual
invincibil imbatabil
imbatabil invincibil
absent distrat
absent neatent
distrat neatent
ezitant nesigur
nesigur șovăitor
comod confortabil
confortabil comod
cunoscător expert
aranjat ordonat
indeniabil incontestabil
incontestabil indeniabil
jenant penibil
agresiv brutal
debordant năvalnic
debordant nestăpânit
năvalnic nestăpânit
nestăpânit năvalnic
pripit repezit
dezastruos fatal
ocupat prins
consecutiv succesiv
neimportant neînsemnat
neînsemnat neimportant
renumit vestit
persistent stăruitor
insistent persistent
insistent stăruitor
devastator nimicitor
bine confortabil
aparte deosebit
aparte separat
deosebit separat
jucăuș neastâmpărat
anormal aberant
aberant anormal
direct frontal
frontal pieptiș
dojenitor mustrător
moale nepăsător
circumstanțial conjunctural
circumstanțial situațional
conjunctural circumstanțial
conjunctural situațional
mărginit încuiat
rafinat stilat
iremediabil ireparabil
ireparabil iremediabil
perpendicular vertical
decepționant deziluzionant
dezamăgitor deziluzionant
deziluzionant decepționant
deziluzionant dezamăgitor
cordial prietenos
dichisit îngrijit
modest nepretențios
ferm stabil
insistent presant
barem măcar
barem încaltea
măcar încaltea
decorativ ornamental
amuzant comic
neastâmpărat neascultător
agitat neastâmpărat
neascultător neastâmpărat
agitat neascultător
peltic sâsâit
spumos înspumat
spumant înspumat
spumos spumant
spumant spumos
ermetic etanș
etanș ermetic
îngrozitor înfiorător
înfiorător îngrozitor
bucuros voios
insuficient sărac
mortal ucigător
defectuos greșit
despuiat dezbrăcat
despuiat gol
despuiat neîmbrăcat
despuiat nud
dezbrăcat despuiat
dezbrăcat neîmbrăcat
gol neîmbrăcat
neîmbrăcat nud
nud neîmbrăcat
energic tranșant
interimar temporar
ud umed
ud umezit
umed ud
umed umezit
umezit ud
umezit umed
primul întâiul
sentimental siropos
siropos sentimental
generos mărinimos
infidel necredincios
necinstit oneros
blamabil condamnabil
blamabil criticabil
condamnabil criticabil
criticabil condamnabil
chiorâș pieziș
corporal trupesc
credul naiv
disparat izolat
disparat răzleț
izolat răzleț
judecătoresc judiciar
judiciar judecătoresc
frapant izbitor
confuz neclar
abrupt repede
dăunător păgubitor
neizbutit nereușit
nereușit neizbutit
combativ polemic
aplicat practic
observator scrutător
interminabil prolix
neatins nevătămat
nevătămat neatins
constant permanent
constant continuu
constant necontenit
constant neîntrerupt
continuu permanent
necontenit permanent
neîntrerupt permanent
continuu constant
continuu necontenit
continuu neîntrerupt
excelent splendid
excelent magnific
magnific splendid
criptic misterios
devotat pios
credincios pios
credincios devotat
potrivit rezonabil
moderat rezonabil
rezonabil temperat
moderat potrivit
potrivit temperat
moderat temperat
grozav strașnic
chiar exact
chiar întocmai
chiar tocmai
exact tocmai
defel deloc
defel nicicum
defel nicidecum
deloc defel
deloc nicicum
deloc nicidecum
nicicum nicidecum
nicidecum nicicum
expres special
concomitent simultan
foarte tare
groaznic teribil
anume dinadins
anume expres
anume intenționat
anume înadins
anume special
dinadins expres
dinadins intenționat
dinadins înadins
dinadins special
expres intenționat
expres înadins
intenționat înadins
intenționat special
special înadins
orișiunde pretutindeni
oriunde pretutindeni
brusc deodată
brusc instantaneu
deodată instantaneu
altădată altcândva
altădată cândva
altădată odată
