corporal imaterial
fizic imaterial
alb-negru color
greu ușor
combinat simplu
compus simplu
ghinionist norocos
public privat
gravidă neînsărcinată
borțoasă neînsărcinată
bun rău
proaspăt răsuflat
proaspăt vechi
inferior superior
mulțumitor nesatisfăcător
mare mic
mândru modest
mândru umil
privat public
extern intern
nou vechi
ridicat redus
ridicat scăzut
majuscul minuscul
minuscul majuscul
extraordinar obișnuit
extraordinar normal
comun individual
bătrân tânăr
local național
blând intens
ascuns deschis
jos înalt
democratic nedemocrat
dificil ușor
experimentat fără
experimentat experiență
inexistent prezent
neexistent prezent
activ pasiv
bisexual heterosexual
bisexual homosexual
bisexual invertit
bisexual pederast
incert sigur
incert neîndoielnic
incert neîndoios
curat murdar
exterior interior
desăvârșit imperfect
imperfect impecabil
imperfect ireproșabil
inodor mirositor
animal inanimat
animal neanimat
animal neînsuflețit
animal mort
nespart zdrobit
frânt nespart
necomercial negustoresc
central marginal
central mărginaș
central periferic
călduros răcoros
anterograd retrograd
impotent tare
neputincios tare
actual trecut
curent trecut
prezent trecut
trecut viitor
general specific
dominant subordonat
androgin bărbătesc
androgin femeiesc
fierbinte rece
majoritar minoritar
aproape depărtat
aproape îndepărtat
dinainte dinapoi
mort viu
incomensurabil măsurabil
homosexual heterosexual
heterosexual invertit
heterosexual pederast
murdar pur
necurat pur
drept strâmb
monovalent polivalent
actual potențial
potențial prezent
dinapoi dinainte
analog deosebit
asemănător deosebit
deosebit înrudit
deosebit similar
minoritar majoritar
drept stâng
fracționar întreg
parțial întreg
gazos solid
gazos lichid
lichid solid
bogat sărac
bogat sărman
senin țâfnos
indispensabil nenecesar
reunit separat
negustoresc necomercial
colorat incolor
bărbătesc femeiesc
absent prezent
lipsă prezent
atractiv neatrăgător
conservator liberal
puternic slab
mijloc timpuriu
miez timpuriu
timpuriu toi
timpuriu întârziat
timpuriu tardiv
timpuriu târziu
mijloc întârziat
mijloc tardiv
mijloc târziu
miez întârziat
miez tardiv
miez târziu
toi întârziat
toi tardiv
toi târziu
toi timpuriu
neutru pozitiv
neutru negativ
bogat clasă
bogat de
bogat mijloc
clasă calic
clasă sărac
clasă nevoiaș
clasă sărman
calic de
de sărac
de nevoiaș
de sărman
calic mijloc
mijloc sărac
mijloc nevoiaș
mijloc sărman
liber robit
lipsit liber
de liber
maniabil refractar
bolnav sănătos
alt același
același alt
bolnav însănătoșit
amplu modest
amplu sărac
mic mare
același diferit
important neînsemnat
comun neobișnuit
calic clasă
bogat calic
bogat nevoiaș
corect greșit
clar opac
opac transparent
alb negru
contaminat curat
curat infectat
calm furtunos
senin înnorat
noros senin
frapant invizibil
invizibil izbitor
frapant nevăzut
izbitor nevăzut
de nesigur
nesigur încredere
necivilizat politicos
civilizat nepoliticos
adânc ușor
dezirabil nedorit
disproporționat proporțional
principal subordonat
material nesubstanțial
fizic nesubstanțial
decisiv nedecis
decent licențios
cuviincios indecent
cuviincios licențios
nesigur încrezător
timid încrezător
cert nesigur
pastelat închis
brav laș
curajos laș
laș neînfricat
laș viteaz
corect rău
ireproșabil rău
corect urât
ireproșabil urât
constructiv distructiv
constructiv distrugător
constructiv nimicitor
concordant inconsistent
compatibil inconsistent
ingrat recunoscător
nerafinat procesat
adecvat nepotrivit
cuvenit nepotrivit
adecvat neindicat
neindicat potrivit
cuvenit neindicat
consistent moale
moale tare
moale vârtos
nerăbdător îndurător
nerăbdător pacient
activ mort
aprins mort
nerealist realistic
impotent viril
demonstrativ modest
demonstrativ nepretențios
modest ostentativ
nepretențios ostentativ
modest provocator
nepretențios provocator
conștient neatent
gol plin
plin vid
fără optimist
optimist speranță
negativ pozitiv
exact imprecis
imprevizibil predictibil
neprevăzut predictibil
impredictibil previzibil
neprevăzut previzibil
cinstit strâmb
corect strâmb
onest strâmb
intoxicat treaz
amețit treaz
treaz îmbătat
firav robust
robust slab
crestat drept
dințat drept
drept zimțat
drept zimțuit
de eșuat
de neizbutit
de nereușit
eșuat succes
neizbutit succes
nereușit succes
nevalabil valid
insensibil senzitiv
insensibil senzorial
aspru fin
direct ocolitor
direct ocolit
neglijent ordonat
nesigur sine
larg îngust
lat îngust
mare îngust
larg mic
lat mic
larg strâmt
lat strâmt
mare strâmt
ascuțit bont
bont tăios
ascuțit tocit
tocit tăios
direct închis
abscons direct
ineficient productiv
neeficient productiv
strâmt întins
dinamic letargic
energic letargic
amorțit dinamic
amorțit energic
plat spumos
cu plat
gaz plat
energic slab
slab viguros
debil energic
debil viguros
debil puternic
insolvabil solvent
insolvent solvabil
drept dințat
adevărat fals
instabil solid
complex simplu
nesfințit sfânt
deflaționist inflaționist
neotrăvitor toxic
lax tensionat
lejer tensionat
moale tensionat
găunos masiv
incert pecetluit
neconfirmat pecetluit
asigurat nesigur
curbat drept
drept încovoiat
arcuit drept
solid șubred
jucăuș serios
neastâmpărat serios
neliniștit ușor
frământat ușor
neastâmpărat ușor
agitat ușor
neintenționat voluntar
binevenit inoportun
avizat neinformat
competent neinformat
neinformat pregătit
inocent vinovat
minor mare
minor major
brut diez
colateral direct
colateral drept
analfabet alfabetizat
analfabet știutor
analfabet de
analfabet carte
semnificativ zadarnic
fără semnificativ
rost semnificativ
major minor
principal secundar
copt crud
copt verde
important minor
important secundar
determinant minor
determinant neînsemnat
determinant secundar
coerent ilogic
incoerent logic
artificial natural
nelimitat redus
extensiv intensiv
nevătămător nociv
inofensiv nociv
mare minor
optimist pesimist
deschis închis
întredeschis închis
bidimensional tridimensional
bidimensional unidimensional
permanent temporar
afurisit binecuvântat
blestemat binecuvântat
binecuvântat blestemat
atrofiat mărit
atrofiat hipertrofiat
accentuat aton
aton tonic
neaccentuat tonic
invariabil variat
tridimensional unidimensional
cosit netăiat
multilateral unilateral
proaspăt sărat
elastic inflexibil
inflexibil mlădios
inflexibil suplu
crud copt
costisitor ieftin
ieftin scump
fecund steril
fecund sterp
fecund infertil
fecund nefertil
grăbit în
grăbit urmă
urmă înainte
impenitent plin
de impenitent
căință impenitent
domesticit sălbatic
domesticit neîmblânzit
sălbatic îmblânzit
alternativ opus
dezavantajos prielnic
dezavantajos favorabil
afară interior
nesănătos în
formă nesănătos
cunoscut nefamiliar
nefamiliar știut
proaspăt păstrat
inamic prieten
ostil prieten
prieten potrivnic
prieten vrăjmaș
potrivnic prieten
domol sprinten
domol vioi
lin sprinten
lin vioi
sprinten ușor
ușor vioi
neîmbrăcat înțolit
neîmbrăcat înveșmântat
bombat concav
concav convex
bombat scobit
convex scobit
inatacabil vulnerabil
unit împărțit
divizat unit
concentrat distribuit
plăsmuit real
lung scurt
neascultător obedient
nesubordonat obedient
nesupus obedient
bălai brun
bălai brunet
bălai negricios
bălai oacheș
bălai tuciuriu
blond brun
blond brunet
blond negricios
blond oacheș
blond tuciuriu
de neserios
neserios încredere
clar nearticulat
cardinal ordinal
angular rotunjit
rotunjit unghiular
colțuros rotunjit
păstrat proaspăt
explicit implicit
bărbătesc poltron
cromatic neutru
cromatic neutral
acromat cromatic
fără potrivit
fără moderat
moderație potrivit
moderație moderat
gros subțire
cultivat needucat
fără rimat
rimă rimat
discontinuu neîntrerupt
discontinuu necontenit
discontinuu neîncetat
intermitent neîntrerupt
intermitent necontenit
intermitent neîncetat
continuu intermitent
empiric teoretic
fără gras
grăsime gras
rimat rimă
ceresc pământesc
divin pământesc
dumnezeiesc pământesc
concentric excentric
convex concav
concis prolix
prolix succint
închis întredeschis
acerb moale
aspru moale
moale necruțător
acerb molatec
aspru molatec
molatec necruțător
acerb molatic
aspru molatic
molatic necruțător
eterogen omogen
eterogen unitar
neschimbat schimbabil
neschimbat schimbător
confuz fin
fin încâlcit
fin încurcat
fin nedeslușit
ager confuz
ager încâlcit
ager încurcat
ager nedeslușit
confuz sensibil
sensibil încâlcit
sensibil încurcat
nedeslușit sensibil
experiență experimentat
alfabetizat analfabet
dezagreabil plăcut
agreabil neplăcut
bun uituc
sănătos uituc
destins încordat
destins tensionat
relaxat încordat
relaxat tensionat
actual viitor
curent viitor
prezent viitor
clandestin legal
ilicit legal
instabil neîntrerupt
instabil susținut
inconstant neîntrerupt
inconstant susținut
nesigur neîntrerupt
nesigur susținut
precedent următor
premergător următor
nepărtinitor parțial
imparțial părtinitor
incapabil priceput
competent incapabil
capabil incompetent
incompetent priceput
capabil nechemat
nechemat priceput
competent nechemat
capabil necompetent
necompetent priceput
capabil nepregătit
nepregătit priceput
competent nepregătit
chel hirsut
hirsut pleșuv
chel păros
păros pleșuv
sfios îndrăzneț
timid îndrăzneț
cutezător sfios
cutezător timid
comod inconfortabil
diferit similar
asemănător diferit
ambiguu inechivoc
echivoc neambiguu
ambiguu univoc
echivoc univoc
profund superficial
nepăsător precaut
mat strălucitor
luminos mat
armonios diform
diform proporționat
apetisant neatrăgător
naiv sofisticat
liber lipsit
aton accentuat
decis nehotărât
decis șovăielnic
decis ezitant
hotărât nedecis
hotărât indecis
hotărât șovăielnic
ezitant hotărât
tare încet
redus ridicat
ascuțit înfundat
ascuțit înăbușit
ascuțit mocnit
ager prost
agil prost
isteț prost
iute prost
prost repede
prost sprinten
prost vioi
biped patruped
ineficace operațional
inconstant statornic
constant schimbător
schimbător statornic
constant nestatornic
curat contaminat
curat dezgustător
dezgustător nepătat
dezgustător respectabil
curat dizgrațios
dizgrațios nepătat
dizgrațios respectabil
amical ostil
amical vrăjmaș
amical dușmănos
binevoitor ostil
binevoitor vrăjmaș
binevoitor dușmănos
moderat moderație
abil nepriceput
euforic nefericit
euforic nenorocit
euforic mâhnit
nefiresc natural
fantezist simplu
evident neclar
limpede neclar
negativ neutru
apropiat îndepărtat
chibzuit nebunesc
chibzuit necugetat
chibzuit nesăbuit
cuminte nebunesc
cuminte necugetat
cuminte nesăbuit
nebunesc înțelept
necugetat înțelept
nesăbuit înțelept
nebunesc socotit
necugetat socotit
nesăbuit socotit
uscat ud
aspru neted
neted rugos
fin rugos
neted zgrunțuros
fin zgrunțuros
inadecvat potrivit
neadecvat potrivit
necorespunzător potrivit
nesănătos salutar
nesănătos salubru
statornic schimbător
plicticos vioi
plictisitor vioi
searbăd vioi
anost vioi
prezent potențial
inconfortabil plăcut
agreabil inconfortabil
endoterm exoterm
endoterm exotermic
endotermic exoterm
endotermic exotermic
corespunzător inadecvat
corespunzător neadecvat
adecvat necorespunzător
tăios tocit
agale rapid
alene rapid
binișor rapid
domol rapid
rapid încet
aseptic microbian
dezinfectat microbian
microbian steril
microbian sterilizat
dezinfectat septic
septic steril
septic sterilizat
gras grăsime
favorabil nepotrivit
vertical înclinat
perpendicular înclinat
nedemn valoros
nevrednic valoros
meritoriu nedemn
meritoriu nevrednic
drept inechitabil
inechitabil just
drept injust
echitabil injust
echitabil nedrept
just nedrept
drept neechitabil
just neechitabil
drept nejust
echitabil nejust
liniștit tulburat
tulburat tihnit
liniștit îngrijorat
netulburat îngrijorat
tihnit îngrijorat
liniștit problematic
netulburat problematic
problematic tihnit
cu liniștit
cu netulburat
cu tihnit
liniștit probleme
netulburat probleme
probleme tihnit
nepotrivit nimerit
corespunzător nepotrivit
controlabil dificil
primar secundar
emoționat neafectat
impresionat neafectat
neafectat înduioșat
mișcat neafectat
neafectat tulburat
neprietenos prietenesc
neprietenos tovărășesc
luminos obscur
luminos întunecat
luminos întunecos
dezagreabil potrivit
neplăcut potrivit
cu simplu
model simplu
inteligent prost
exterior intern
avariție generos
calicie generos
generos zgârcenie
hotărât neclar
eventual improbabil
eventual imposibil
imposibil probabil
mic înalt
pitic înalt
scund înalt
pleșuv păros
adipos slab
gras slab
periculos sigur
primejdios sigur
bucuros trist
steril septic
sterilizat septic
brun bălai
brun blond
brunet bălai
brunet blond
antipatic plăcut
antipatic simpatic
antipatic agreabil
heterosexual homosexual
acceptabil inadmisibil
acceptabil nepermis
acceptabil neîngăduit
delicat solid
firav solid
fragil solid
gingaș solid
plăpând solid
nociv nevătămător
neînsemnat semnificativ
insignifiant semnificativ
insignifiant important
apatic energic
energic placid
generos meschin
meschin mărinimos
meschin nobil
avar generos
avar mărinimos
avar nobil
generos zgârcit
mărinimos zgârcit
nobil zgârcit
autentic fals
autentic contrafăcut
afirmativ negativ
afirmativ nefavorabil
ud uscat
delicat neajutorat
delicat neîndemânatic
delicat nepriceput
delicat stângaci
grațios neajutorat
grațios neîndemânatic
grațios nepriceput
grațios stângaci
neajutorat suav
neîndemânatic suav
nepriceput suav
suav stângaci
competent nepriceput
competent necalificat
descurajant încurajator
descurajator încurajator
exoterm endoterm
exoterm endotermic
exotermic endoterm
exotermic endotermic
mobil nemișcat
mobil neclintit
imobil în
nemișcat în
neclintit în
imobil mișcare
mișcare nemișcat
mișcare neclintit
stângaci suav
abil ingenuu
abil inocent
descurcăreț ingenuu
descurcăreț inocent
frumos urât
gălăgios liniștit
liniștit zgomotos
cald rece
cald distant
cald rezervat
nemulțumit satisfăcut
mulțumit nesatisfăcut
neîntrerupt nesigur
tardiv timpuriu
târziu timpuriu
tardiv toi
târziu toi
familiar nefiresc
familiar neobișnuit
ciudat familiar
izbitor invizibil
modest mândru
important insignifiant
mărinimos meschin
natural nefiresc
corect necinstit
necinstit onest
agreabil antipatic
tihnit tulburat
impecabil imperfect
ireproșabil imperfect
incorect incoruptibil
incorect integru
incorect leal
incoruptibil necinstit
integru necinstit
leal necinstit
incoruptibil necorect
integru necorect
leal necorect
corect neonest
incoruptibil neonest
integru neonest
leal neonest
demoralizant vesel
demoralizator vesel
deprimant vesel
descurajant vesel
descurajator vesel
demoralizant voios
demoralizator voios
deprimant voios
descurajant voios
descurajator voios
bine demoralizant
bine demoralizator
bine deprimant
bine descurajant
bine descurajator
dispus demoralizant
dispus demoralizator
dispus deprimant
dispus descurajant
dispus descurajator
nimerit nepotrivit
efectiv ineficace
efectiv ineficient
eficace ineficient
eficient ineficace
incoruptibil incorect
integru incorect
demoralizant dispus
demoralizator dispus
deprimant dispus
descurajant dispus
descurajator dispus
