corporal fizic
corporal material
fizic material
cristalizat fixat
cristalizat stabilizat
fixat stabilizat
important însemnat
mare însemnat
proeminent însemnat
important mare
important proeminent
mare proeminent
autoritar important
alcalin bazic
decis hotărât
hotărât stabilit
decis stabilit
degradat înjosit
degradat umilit
umilit înjosit
degerat înghețat
contrafăcut falsificat
cu ușile
cu închise
ușile închise
bine făcut
bine lucrat
făcut lucrat
necrescut nedezvoltat
nedezvoltat necrescut
muced mucegăit
mucegăit muced
rușinos sfios
diavolesc mefistofelic
buzunar de
neexclusiv nerestrictiv
nerestrictiv neexclusiv
de proporții
cosmice de
cosmice proporții
atroce monstruos
făcut proaspăt
tare uscat
de stat
bun valabil
față în
bunicel bunișor
bunișor bunicel
de doi
bani de
doi de
bani doi
de înaltă
de performanță
performanță înaltă
numărul unu
proaspăt tăiat
mișto tare
intenționat rău
binecuvântat blagoslovit
blagoslovit binecuvântat
bufant înfoiat
bufant umflat
umflat înfoiat
fanfaron lăudăros
mărime în
naturală în
mărime naturală
regal regesc
regesc regal
demonic diabolic
diabolic demonic
de vârf
de frunte
frunte vârf
măricel mărișor
mărișor măricel
de mărimea
de unui
de om
om unui
gravidă însărcinată
borțoasă gravidă
borțoasă însărcinată
neastâmpărat obraznic
neastâmpărat neascultător
neascultător obraznic
neascultător neastâmpărat
experiență fără
spasmodic spastic
spastic spasmodic
exasperant înnebunitor
imobilizat la
imobilizat pat
de duzină
duzină de
demonetizat depreciat
demonetizat devalorizat
depreciat demonetizat
depreciat devalorizat
devalorizat demonetizat
devalorizat depreciat
ftizic tebecist
cârpit peticit
împlinit îndeplinit
împlinit înfăptuit
realizat împlinit
îndeplinit împlinit
îndeplinit înfăptuit
realizat îndeplinit
înfăptuit împlinit
înfăptuit îndeplinit
realizat înfăptuit
fantastic fenomenal
fenomenal fantastic
autonom independent
capital mare
bolnav de
bolnav ficat
de ficat
secret ținut
de fată
calomniat defăimat
calomniat denigrat
calomniat discreditat
calomniat ponegrit
defăimat denigrat
defăimat discreditat
defăimat ponegrit
denigrat defăimat
denigrat discreditat
denigrat ponegrit
discreditat defăimat
discreditat denigrat
discreditat ponegrit
antihelmintic vermifug
federal federativ
federativ federal
câinos câinesc
câinesc câinos
cu drepturi
cu depline
drepturi depline
depline drepturi
infantil pueril
germinativ germinator
germinator germinativ
destul îndeajuns
medicamentos medicinal
medicinal medicamentos
strigat urlat
nedeghizat nemascat
nemascat nedeghizat
antimicrobian antibacterian
antibacterian antimicrobian
copleși covârșitor
covârșitor copleși
amplificat intensificat
amplificat potențat
intensificat potențat
supranațional transnațional
chinuitor străpungător
vârstă în
apreciat considerat
apreciat prețuit
apreciat respectat
apreciat stimat
considerat prețuit
considerat respectat
considerat stimat
prețuit respectat
prețuit stimat
respectat stimat
două între
vârste între
două vârste
băiat de
existent prezent
inodor nemirositor
impotent neputincios
homosexual invertit
homosexual pederast
invertit pederast
sărac sărman
sărman sărac
comercial negustoresc
impur murdar
impur necurat
murdar necurat
mintal redus
redus sărac
cu redus
duhul redus
mintal sărac
cu mintal
duhul mintal
cu sărac
duhul sărac
cu duhul
mijloc miez
mijloc toi
miez mijloc
miez toi
clasă de
clasă mijloc
de mijloc
lipsit robit
de robit
libertate robit
de lipsit
lipsit libertate
de libertate
libertate lipsit
mediu mijlociu
mijlociu mediu
negru sinistru
sănătos însănătoșit
democratic popular
confidențial secret
excepțional minunat
extraordinar minunat
excepțional extraordinar
extraordinar excepțional
elementar fundamental
de elementar
bază elementar
de fundamental
bază fundamental
bază de
convenabil mulțumitor
convenabil satisfăcător
mulțumitor satisfăcător
intens puternic
de mediocru
mediocru mâna
de mâna
de doua
elementar simplu
elementar ușor
simplu ușor
calic sărac
calic nevoiaș
calic sărman
nevoiaș sărac
nevoiaș sărman
fracționar parțial
nespecific nonspecific
nonspecific nespecific
frânt zdrobit
indivizibil nedespărțit
blând indulgent
laconic lapidar
laconic scurt
laconic succint
lapidar laconic
lapidar scurt
lapidar succint
scurt succint
succint scurt
indecis nehotărât
nesupus rebel
nesupus recalcitrant
rebel recalcitrant
recalcitrant rebel
delicat firav
delicat fragil
firav fragil
fragil firav
caustic coroziv
coroziv caustic
consumat descărcat
consumat mort
descărcat mort
clar transparent
pleonastic tautologic
contaminat infectat
hârâit răgușit
avansat înaintat
intens viu
aprins intens
aprins viu
de invidiat
de sigur
sigur sine
de sine
sine sigur
umbrit umbros
umbros umbrit
neconformist nonconformist
nonconformist neconformist
invizibil nevăzut
anevoios dificil
anevoios greu
dificil greu
necivilizat nepoliticos
nepoliticos necivilizat
extins răspândit
contencios litigios
agitat intens
senzitiv senzorial
senzorial senzitiv
enigmatic neînțeles
enigmatic tainic
neînțeles tainic
lucios lucitor
lucitor lucios
maxim total
competitiv concurențial
concurențial competitiv
adânc profund
adult matur
bine dispus
adâncime fără
necalificat nepregătit
necalificat neșcolit
nepregătit necalificat
nepregătit neșcolit
neșcolit necalificat
neșcolit nepregătit
sânge în
expresiv semnificativ
expresiv sugestiv
semnificativ sugestiv
sugestiv semnificativ
jucăuș vesel
nămolos noroios
noroios nămolos
bunicel măricel
bunișor măricel
prăfos prăfuit
prăfuit prăfos
neîncrezător sceptic
dureri fără
de fără
cap fără
dureri de
cap dureri
de dureri
cap de
plauzibil verosimil
atent drăguț
greu profund
adânc greu
colorat viu
cuviincios decent
coruptibil venal
de negru
furie negru
de furie
grotesc monstruos
nerestrictiv neriguros
neriguros nerestrictiv
obscur întunecos
nesigur timid
incert nesigur
indecent licențios
desperat disperat
disperat desperat
asasin criminal
asasin ucigaș
criminal ucigaș
obtuz îngust
jenant penibil
incompatibil necompatibil
pierdut scăpat
neregulat neuniform
neuniform neregulat
de tras
păr tras
de păr
încâlcit încurcat
încurcat încâlcit
inventiv ingenios
ingenios inventiv
arhaic primitiv
arhaic străvechi
arhaic vechi
primitiv străvechi
primitiv vechi
necizelat nefinisat
necizelat neșlefuit
nefinisat necizelat
nefinisat neșlefuit
neșlefuit necizelat
neșlefuit nefinisat
rău urât
compact dens
compact netransparent
dens netransparent
de ușor
folosit ușor
de folosit
indolent leneș
indolent puturos
indolent trândav
indolent trântor
leneș puturos
leneș trândav
leneș trântor
puturos trândav
puturos trântor
trândav trântor
trântor trândav
culpabil vinovat
chibzuit econom
chibzuit cumpătat
cumpătat econom
cumpătat chibzuit
nepotrivit neindicat
neindicat nepotrivit
indestructibil veșnic
etern veșnic
etern indestructibil
instigator răzvrătitor
indulgent moale
agasant enervant
agasant iritant
agasant sâcâitor
agasant supărător
enervant iritant
enervant sâcâitor
enervant supărător
iritant sâcâitor
iritant supărător
sâcâitor supărător
supărător sâcâitor
consistent tare
consistent vârtos
tare vârtos
minunat splendid
minunat superb
splendid superb
superb splendid
reflectant reflectorizant
reflectorizant reflectant
treaz vigilent
prudent vigilent
prudent treaz
exuberant luxuriant
bogat exuberant
bogat luxuriant
propagat răspândit
fără grai
demonstrat stabilit
virulent vitriolant
virulent veninos
vitriolant virulent
vitriolant veninos
veninos virulent
veninos vitriolant
restant întârziat
coercitiv constrângător
constrângător coercitiv
bătut buchisit
buchisit bătut
procesat rafinat
mort nefuncțional
defectuos prost
defectuos rău
defectuos în
defectuos neregulă
prost rău
prost în
neregulă prost
rău în
neregulă rău
neregulă în
de plin
plin viață
de viață
contraproductiv neproductiv
aderent lipit
irealizabil nefezabil
nefezabil nerealizabil
irealizabil nerealizabil
nerealizabil nefezabil
dezgustat sătul
dezgustat săturat
dezgustat scârbit
sătul săturat
sătul scârbit
săturat sătul
săturat scârbit
scârbit sătul
scârbit săturat
divin inspirat
alb blanc
chinuit muncit
pasionat pătimaș
pătimaș pasionat
autoritar imperativ
cătrănit înveninat
cuvenit decent
distructiv traumatizant
activ aprins
aprins activ
ciudat necurat
deschis primitor
bătăios belicos
belicos bătăios
afectat atins
atins afectat
pictural plastic
plastic pictural
bestial fabulos
imprecis ratat
depărtat imprecis
depărtat ratat
cinstit onest
himeric iluzoriu
domol lin
atrăgător interesant
neprofitabil nerentabil
nerentabil neprofitabil
pletoric supraabundent
timp vreme
lucios poleit
prost țăran
crescut țăran
crescut prost
falit lefter
deplasat nepotrivit
înverșunat îndârjit
îndârjit înverșunat
arzător fierbinte
amator diletant
animat însuflețit
cizelat șlefuit
prădător răpitor
nejustificat nemotivat
nemotivat nejustificat
propriu-zis în
propriu-zis toată
propriu-zis regula
toată în
combatant militant
esențial substanțial
abundent mare
abundent îndestulător
mare îndestulător
mare putere
potent viril
inuman sânge
inuman rece
rece sânge
glorios strălucit
facil lejer
de rău
augur de
augur rău
ideal ideatic
ideal ideativ
ideatic ideal
ideatic ideativ
ideativ ideal
ideativ ideatic
demonstrativ ostentativ
demonstrativ provocator
ostentativ provocator
abuziv arbitrar
abuziv samavolnic
arbitrar abuziv
arbitrar samavolnic
flotabil flotant
flotabil plutitor
flotant flotabil
flotant plutitor
catastrofal catastrofic
catastrofic catastrofal
drăguț simpatic
decent simpatic
drăguț decent
decent drăguț
inhibitor represiv
greu însărcinat
greu gravid
gravid însărcinat
gravid greu
mincinos înșelător
ironic sec
dizarmonic fals
arzător canicular
arzător dogoritor
arzător torid
canicular dogoritor
canicular fierbinte
canicular torid
dogoritor fierbinte
dogoritor torid
fierbinte torid
inactiv pasiv
abordabil accesibil
accesibil abordabil
bun întreg
dotat înzestrat
dotat talentat
talentat înzestrat
irelevant nerelevant
mort neînsuflețit
imperfect nedesăvârșit
distribuit uniform
apăsător deprimant
apăsător dezolant
apăsător sumbru
deprimant dezolant
deprimant sumbru
dezolant deprimant
dezolant sumbru
polar rece
lipit sărac
pământului sărac
lipit pământului
format pregătit
firesc natural
răzbunător vindicativ
de mișcare
dur solid
neclintit nezdruncinat
nezdruncinat neclintit
inflamat tumefiat
răsfirat înfoiat
zbârlit înfoiat
răsfirat zbârlit
predictibil previzibil
previzibil predictibil
ridicat înalt
deranjant perturbator
gratis gratuit
gratuit gratis
steril sterp
arid steril
sterp steril
arid sterp
imprevizibil impredictibil
imprevizibil neprevăzut
impredictibil imprevizibil
impredictibil neprevăzut
desperat deznădăjduit
deznădăjduit desperat
fabricat plăsmuit
fabricat inventat
inventat plăsmuit
râpos vertical
necizelat neprelucrat
nefinisat neprelucrat
neprelucrat necizelat
neprelucrat nefinisat
cel mai
cel mare
mai mare
mare mai
alergic sensibil
amețit intoxicat
intoxicat îmbătat
amețit îmbătat
setos însetat
convins pătruns
bun sigur
firav slab
activ silitor
activ zelos
silitor zelos
fără ocupație
năbădăios nărăvaș
nărăvaș năbădăios
crestat dințat
crestat zimțat
crestat zimțuit
dințat zimțat
dințat zimțuit
zimțat zimțuit
zimțuit zimțat
irascibil iritabil
irascibil nervos
iritabil irascibil
iritabil nervos
doritor nerăbdător
de succes
durabil rezistent
durabil trainic
rezistent trainic
imposibil insuportabil
insuportabil imposibil
grav solemn
invalid nevalabil
fără risc
dulce proaspăt
debil slab
gelos invidios
gelos pizmaș
invidios pizmaș
inestimabil inevaluabil
inevaluabil inestimabil
folosibil utilizabil
benevol nesilit
rapid trepidant
divers variat
felurit variat
divers felurit
micuț mititel
mititel micuț
mic îngust
strâmt îngust
mic strâmt
ascuțit tăios
încâlcit întortocheat
întortocheat încâlcit
astfel așa
indiferent placid
bont tocit
abscons închis
indirect închis
abscons indirect
devastator nimicitor
plin sătul
provocator tulburător
fin sensibil
zdrențăros zdrențuit
zdrențuit zdrențăros
degradat ponosit
degradat ros
ponosit ros
riscant speculativ
plin semințe
de semințe
afrodisiac afrodiziac
afrodiziac afrodisiac
rang înalt
eficient productiv
subțire îngust
mic subțire
singur solitar
solitar singur
neconvingător slab
bolovănos stâncos
complet cuprinzător
cuprinzător complet
productiv profitabil
productiv rentabil
profitabil productiv
profitabil rentabil
bun potrivit
alcoolic băutor
alcoolic bețiv
băutor bețiv
bețiv băutor
de susținut
nerezolvat nesoluționat
nesoluționat nerezolvat
de elită
amorțit letargic
scârbit îngrețoșat
meditativ rumegător
cu spumos
gaz spumos
cu gaz
exemplar pilduitor
indezirabil nedorit
granular granulos
granular grăunțos
granulos granular
granulos grăunțos
grăunțos granular
grăunțos granulos
insolvabil insolvent
insolvent insolvabil
fundamental profund
grosolan vulgar
mut tăcut
mut taciturn
tăcut taciturn
taciturn tăcut
drept fest
formă în
impus obligatoriu
bolnav mintal
inacceptabil neacceptabil
neîndeplinit nerealizat
nerealizat neîndeplinit
aranjat curat
neîncrezător suspicios
obscur vag
estompat obscur
vag întunecos
estompat întunecos
estompat vag
lax lejer
lax moale
lejer lax
lejer moale
învigorat înzdrăvenit
înzdrăvenit învigorat
catifelat mătăsos
adânc afund
afund adânc
afund adâncit
adâncit afund
luminat învățat
citit luminat
citit învățat
neglijent superficial
dezinteresat neglijent
dezinteresat superficial
cenușiu șters
bun de
bun nimic
de nimic
incert neconfirmat
iterativ repetitiv
bună în
stare în
bună stare
necomplicat nesofisticat
nesofisticat necomplicat
instabil nesigur
direct literal
direct exact
exact literal
instabil precar
astral sideral
astral stelar
sideral stelar
stelar sideral
decepționant dezamăgitor
decepționant deziluzionant
dezamăgitor decepționant
dezamăgitor deziluzionant
deziluzionant decepționant
deziluzionant dezamăgitor
ațâțător incitant
incitant provocator
ațâțător provocator
desfăcut desfășurat
desfășurat desfăcut
beat turmentat
criță turmentat
mort turmentat
beat criță
beat mort
criță mort
frivol neserios
larg lat
larg mare
lat larg
lat mare
delăsător nepăsător
abundent copios
flasc moale
eșuat neizbutit
eșuat nereușit
neizbutit nereușit
nereușit neizbutit
dispus pregătit
alienat dement
alienat nebun
alienat smintit
alienat țicnit
dement nebun
dement smintit
dement țicnit
nebun smintit
nebun țicnit
smintit țicnit
combinat concertat
concertat combinat
atacabil expus
rigid strict
autentic curat
cheltuitor risipitor
sensibil senzitiv
sensibil senzorial
senzitiv sensibil
senzorial sensibil
agitat frământat
sinuos întortocheat
infectat purulent
delicios gustos
delicios savuros
gustos savuros
bine informat
abstrus abscons
abscons abstrus
inferior subaltern
inferior subordonat
subaltern subordonat
subordonat subaltern
implicat interesat
interesat implicat
absolvit exonerat
exonerat reabilitat
absolvit reabilitat
marginal minor
minor marginal
jefuitor prădător
jefuitor prădalnic
prădător prădalnic
prădalnic prădător
antipatic urâcios
antipatic nesuferit
nesuferit urâcios
educativ instructiv
nebun îndrăgostit
nebun înamorat
îndrăgostit înamorat
înamorat îndrăgostit
de drept
drept de
obsesiv obsedant
obsedant obsesiv
afectuos tandru
afectuos atent
afectuos cald
atent tandru
cald tandru
atent afectuos
atent cald
legal licit
legal legitim
licit legal
licit legitim
legitim legal
legitim licit
energizant tonic
energizant fortifiant
energizant întăritor
fortifiant tonic
tonic întăritor
fortifiant întăritor
băgăcios băgăreț
băgăreț băgăcios
impudic indecent
impudic necuviincios
indecent impudic
indecent necuviincios
ignorant neștiutor
ignorant neavizat
neștiutor neavizat
neavizat neștiutor
congelat înghețat
voluntar încăpățânat
reflectiv reflexiv
meditativ reflectiv
reflexiv reflectiv
meditativ reflexiv
obligat îndatorat
dezarticulat dislocat
dezarticulat luxat
dezarticulat scrântit
dislocat dezarticulat
dislocat luxat
dislocat scrântit
luxat scrântit
disciplinat ordonat
legitim îndreptățit
justificat îndreptățit
justificat legitim
mare scară
deschis dezinhibat
dezinhibat deschis
contagios molipsitor
jignitor ofensator
direct drept
drept direct
banal obișnuit
clar descifrabil
clar lizibil
clar citeț
descifrabil lizibil
citeț descifrabil
citeț lizibil
citeț clar
matur profund
murdar nemuncit
excesiv neobișnuit
dator obligat
dulce melodios
clandestin nepermis
funest tragic
juvenil pueril
adolescentin pueril
adolescentin juvenil
acceptabil convenabil
acceptabil potrivit
acceptabil rezonabil
convenabil potrivit
convenabil rezonabil
potrivit rezonabil
căscat deschis
necolonizat nelocuit
nelocuit necolonizat
deschis liber
incompatibil nepotrivit
căscat holbat
căscat mare
căscat zgâit
holbat mare
holbat zgâit
mare zgâit
determinant important
bine intenționat
extremist radical
neatins nevătămat
neatins teafăr
nevătămat neatins
nevătămat teafăr
coerent logic
bun plăcut
exagerat exorbitant
exorbitant exagerat
principal prim
prim principal
plebeu vulgar
nespălat plebeu
nespălat vulgar
deschis larg
contrabandă negru
contrabandă de
defrișat despădurit
despădurit defrișat
miraculos minunat
minunat miraculos
inteligent strălucit
convențional conformist
conformist convențional
incoerent ilogic
ilogic incoerent
ilizibil indescifrabil
indescifrabil ilizibil
frigid rece
flămând nemâncat
contagios infecțios
infecțios molipsitor
inofensiv nevătămător
iute pripit
deșert găunos
găunos van
deșert van
corectiv disciplinar
dezagreabil pătrunzător
suculent zemos
disponibil efectiv
desfăcut deschis
deschis desfăcut
dotat isteț
fecioară fată
fecioară virgină
fată fecioară
fată virgină
mărunt niscaiva
mărunt niscai
prelung îndelungat
prelung îndelung
prelungit îndelungat
prelungit îndelung
intolerant neîngăduitor
ceremonios formalist
ceremonios protocolar
formalist protocolar
fără suculent
fără perdea
pur și
pur simplu
simplu și
amețit aiurit
aiurit amețit
păstrat reținut
menținut păstrat
conservat păstrat
menținut reținut
conservat reținut
conservat menținut
întărit împietrit
împietrit întărit
intangibil sacrosanct
destins relaxat
antropoid antropomorf
antropomorf antropoid
cristalin transparent
limpede transparent
cristalin limpede
corporal somatic
fizic somatic
călit încercat
denigrant vituperant
interior lăuntric
dictat hotărât
nediluat neamestecat
neamestecat nediluat
condimentat iute
condimentat picant
iute picant
imaculat impecabil
impecabil imaculat
congestionat iritat
circular rotativ
barat blocat
blocat barat
estimabil evaluabil
evaluabil estimabil
de facto
depărtat distanțat
depărtat spațiat
distanțat depărtat
distanțat spațiat
fulgurant orbitor
apreciat evaluat
apreciat înțeles
evaluat înțeles
neconsolat nemângâiat
nemângâiat neconsolat
cu practic
practic picioarele
practic pe
practic pământ
cu picioarele
cu pe
cu pământ
picioarele practic
picioarele pe
picioarele pământ
pe practic
pe picioarele
pe pământ
pământ practic
pământ picioarele
pământ pe
grej nisipiu
chel golaș
chel gol
argilos clisos
argilos lutos
clisos lutos
alb imaculat
gol nelocuit
gol nepopulat
gol pustiu
nelocuit nepopulat
nelocuit pustiu
nepopulat nelocuit
nepopulat pustiu
chel fără
apărare chel
apărare fără
inaccesibil neaccesibil
necăsătorit singur
după unul
altul unul
altul după
porcesc porcin
porcin porcesc
nealterat nestricat
nestricat nealterat
individual separat
schematic simplificat
simplificat schematic
afurisit blestemat
diafan străveziu
diafan transparent
diafan vaporos
străveziu transparent
străveziu vaporos
transparent vaporos
afon surd
belit bulbucat
bulbucat belit
necivilizat sălbatic
neaerisit îmbâcsit
beton fără
beton breșă
breșă fără
breșă beton
împrejmuitor înconjurător
înconjurător împrejmuitor
poluat viciat
acoperit camuflat
acoperit mascat
camuflat mascat
ațos fibros
agasat enervat
agasat iritat
agasat sâcâit
enervat iritat
enervat sâcâit
iritat sâcâit
nealcoolic soft
acoperire fără
de manual
manual mână
de mână
mână manual
subțiratec subțire
subțire subțiratec
amorțit înțepenit
nedeviat neclintit
neclintit nedeviat
stimulator stimulant
stimulant stimulator
indefinit nedefinit
chel de
bază chel
circular rotund
cretin imbecil
imbecil retard
imbecil retardat
imbecil idiot
cretin retard
cretin retardat
cretin idiot
idiot retard
idiot retardat
idiot imbecil
așezat situat
plasat situat
așezat plasat
neinstruit neînvățat
neînvățat neinstruit
ruinat scăpătat
ruinat terminat
scăpătat terminat
angajat logodit
chirurgical operatoriu
inundat înecat
chel pleșuv
anticipat dinainte
anatemizat blestemat
nesupus neascultător
neascultător nesupus
dărâmat demolat
demolat dărâmat
de granitic
de granit
detașat neimplicat
imanent intrinsec
intrinsec imanent
accentuat tonic
împovărat încărcat
împovărat îngreuiat
împovărat îngreunat
încărcat împovărat
încărcat îngreuiat
încărcat îngreunat
îngreuiat împovărat
îngreuiat încărcat
îngreuiat îngreunat
îngreunat împovărat
îngreunat încărcat
îngreunat îngreuiat
clar conturat
bine clar
clar definit
conturat clar
bine conturat
conturat definit
bine definit
adevărat veritabil
gol neacoperit
descoperit gol
descoperit neacoperit
festiv sărbătoresc
insolent ireverențios
insolent necuviincios
insolent neobrăzat
insolent nerespectuos
ireverențios insolent
ireverențios necuviincios
ireverențios neobrăzat
ireverențios nerespectuos
necuviincios neobrăzat
necuviincios nerespectuos
neobrăzat necuviincios
neobrăzat nerespectuos
nerespectuos necuviincios
nerespectuos neobrăzat
lipsit viață
ocrotitor protector
călit oțelit
lățit turtit
enervat nervos
iritat nervos
ateu necredincios
ateu liber-cugetător
liber-cugetător necredincios
conservat sărat
netăiat necosit
necosit netăiat
amărât nenorocit
amărât prăpădit
nenorocit prăpădit
irecuperabil nerecuperabil
complet întreg
strâns strâmt
strâmt strâns
curios iscoditor
incontrolabil necontrolabil
al demonic
demonic dracului
al dracului
dracului demonic
isprăvit încheiat
isprăvit sfârșit
isprăvit terminat
sfârșit încheiat
terminat încheiat
sfârșit terminat
troienit înzăpezit
letal mortal
retezat scurtat
retezat tăiat
scurtat tăiat
critic vital
bucolic idilic
bucolic pastoral
bucolic păstoresc
idilic pastoral
idilic păstoresc
pastoral păstoresc
păstoresc pastoral
subpământean subteran
subteran subpământean
crud necopt
crud verde
necopt verde
reglementar regulamentar
regulamentar reglementar
costisitor scump
animalic carnal
frapant izbitor
frapant șocant
izbitor șocant
grăbit înainte
afectiv emotiv
afectiv emoțional
emotiv emoțional
emoțional emotiv
erotic senzual
nelimitat nemăsurat
nemăsurat nelimitat
bătător la
bătător ochi
funebru sepulcral
coborâtor descendent
descendent scoborâtor
directiv direcțional
direcțional directiv
ingrat nerecunoscător
aforistic sentențios
așa-zis pretins
calm imperturbabil
inaplicabil neaplicabil
complementar întregitor
de îngrășat
sublunar terestru
domesticit îmblânzit
mănos roditor
mănos rodnic
roditor rodnic
rodnic roditor
nefericit supărător
bogat fecund
bogat gras
fecund gras
de vânzare
bisexual bisexuat
bisexuat bisexual
comercial mercantil
castrat jugănit
castrat scopit
castrat sterilizat
castrat emasculat
jugănit scopit
jugănit sterilizat
emasculat jugănit
scopit sterilizat
emasculat scopit
sterilizat scopit
emasculat sterilizat
purpuriu vișiniu
apostolic papal
apostolic pontifical
papal pontifical
pontifical papal
necultivat simplu
impus prescris
de susținător
susținător susținere
de susținere
susținere susținător
eșuat ratat
neizbutit ratat
nereușit ratat
compromis pătat
discreditat pătat
compromis discreditat
imaterial nesubstanțial
modern nou
excentric extravagant
excentric năstrușnic
excentric neobișnuit
extravagant excentric
extravagant năstrușnic
extravagant neobișnuit
năstrușnic neobișnuit
neobișnuit năstrușnic
odorant odorifer
frumos odorant
mirositor odorant
odorifer odorant
frumos odorifer
mirositor odorifer
frumos mirositor
sănătos în
formă sănătos
htonic htonian
htonian htonic
chtonic htonian
asupritor opresiv
asupritor opresor
opresiv opresor
opresor opresiv
acoperit îmbrăcat
acoperit învelit
îmbrăcat învelit
învelit îmbrăcat
îngropat înhumat
îngropat înmormântat
înhumat îngropat
înhumat înmormântat
înmormântat îngropat
înmormântat înhumat
exterior extern
exterior internațional
extern exterior
extern internațional
islamist musulman
islamist mahomedan
musulman mahomedan
mahomedan musulman
bântuit obsedat
bântuit chinuit
chinuit obsedat
gri închis
antagonic antagonist
antagonist antagonic
disponibil liber
disponibil neocupat
liber neocupat
intoxicat otrăvit
interzis neîngăduit
interzis nepermis
interzis oprit
interzis proscris
neîngăduit nepermis
neîngăduit oprit
neîngăduit proscris
nepermis neîngăduit
nepermis oprit
nepermis proscris
oprit proscris
de lux
diecezan eparhial
diecezan episcopal
eparhial episcopal
episcopal eparhial
echivalent egal
egal echivalent
fantasmagoric fantezist
fantasmagoric straniu
fantezist fantasmagoric
fantezist straniu
rotund sferic
domnitor stăpânitor
gri granit
granit gri
chinuit frământat
chinuit torturat
frământat torturat
derivă în
flocos lățos
flocos mițos
lățos mițos
neexperimentat neverificat
neexperimentat netestat
neverificat neexperimentat
neverificat netestat
netestat neexperimentat
netestat neverificat
inamic ostil
inamic potrivnic
inamic vrăjmaș
ostil potrivnic
ostil vrăjmaș
potrivnic vrăjmaș
plătit scump
prescris stabilit
mic pipernicit
pipernicit pitic
mic pitic
pitic pipernicit
ciuntit trunchiat
cinstit credincios
cinstit devotat
cinstit fidel
credincios cinstit
credincios devotat
credincios fidel
devotat fidel
monastic mănăstiresc
mănăstiresc monastic
găligan lungan
agresiv războinic
arțăgos țâfnos
certăreț țâfnos
arțăgos certăreț
budist budic
budic budist
drept întins
drept neted
drept lins
neted întins
lins întins
lins neted
polizat șlefuit
pus podea
făcut pus
făcut la
făcut podea
incomparabil inconfundabil
incomparabil inegalabil
incomparabil neasemănat
incomparabil neasemuit
incomparabil neîntrecut
inconfundabil incomparabil
inconfundabil inegalabil
inconfundabil neasemănat
inconfundabil neasemuit
inconfundabil neîntrecut
inegalabil incomparabil
inegalabil inconfundabil
inegalabil neasemănat
inegalabil neasemuit
inegalabil neîntrecut
neasemănat neasemuit
neasemănat neîntrecut
neasemuit neasemănat
neasemuit neîntrecut
neîntrecut neasemănat
neîntrecut neasemuit
domol ușor
lin ușor
ademenitor atrăgător
ademenitor ispititor
ademenitor îmbietor
atrăgător ademenitor
atrăgător ispititor
atrăgător îmbietor
ispititor îmbietor
frustrat ratat
necheltuit neconsumat
neconsumat necheltuit
anomic alienat
anomic dezorientat
alienat anomic
alienat dezorientat
bășicat iritat
înțolit îmbrăcat
înțolit înveșmântat
îmbrăcat înțolit
îmbrăcat înveșmântat
înveșmântat înțolit
înveșmântat îmbrăcat
urmă în
corporatist corporativ
corporativ corporatist
oral vorbit
nescris oral
nescris vorbit
nemărginit nesfârșit
nesfârșit nemărginit
modest nepretențios
care clasă
are clasă
clasă care
anihilat exterminat
anihilat nimicit
exterminat nimicit
redus tăiat
greoi stângaci
concav scobit
inatacabil invulnerabil
invulnerabil inatacabil
aborigen autohton
aborigen băștinaș
aborigen indigen
autohton aborigen
autohton băștinaș
autohton indigen
băștinaș indigen
cosmologic cosmogonic
cosmogonic cosmologic
optic vizual
transdermic transdermal
transdermal transdermic
eliptic oval
buretos poros
buretos spongios
poros spongios
dojenitor mustrător
ireal plăsmuit
bun cel
bun mai
grăitor indicator
neascultător nesubordonat
nesubordonat neascultător
nesubordonat nesupus
nesupus nesubordonat
izbăvitor mântuitor
doisprezece doișpe
doișpe doisprezece
cadențat ritmat
cadențat ritmic
ritmat ritmic
ritmic ritmat
coagulat închegat
consacrat dedicat
dedicat destinat
consacrat destinat
destinat dedicat
fantomatic spectral
bătut cu
bătut pietre
bătut prețioase
cu pietre
cu prețioase
pietre prețioase
prețioase pietre
infertil steril
nefertil steril
infertil sterp
nefertil sterp
infertil nefertil
imperceptibil insesizabil
imperceptibil nesimțit
insesizabil imperceptibil
insesizabil nesimțit
elogios encomiastic
elogios laudativ
encomiastic elogios
encomiastic laudativ
bălai blond
blond bălai
păzitor tutelar
năpăstuit oropsit
năpăstuit urgisit
oropsit urgisit
caloric termal
cronic înveterat
evaporat vaporizat
evaporat volatilizat
vaporizat volatilizat
volatilizat vaporizat
des gros
antisemit rasist
uleios unsuros
onctuos uleios
unsuros uleios
onctuos unsuros
drogat narcotizat
calomniator calomnios
calomniator defăimător
calomniator denigrator
calomnios calomniator
calomnios defăimător
calomnios denigrator
defăimător denigrator
denigrator defăimător
bărbos hirsut
ponosit purtat
purtat ros
purtat ponosit
reprimat înăbușit
ancestral ereditar
ancestral strămoșesc
ereditar strămoșesc
divizat împărțit
aservit sclav
reticular reticulat
reticulat reticular
behaviorist comportamentist
lânos pufos
plătit remunerat
cocoșat ghebos
cocoșat gheboșat
ghebos gheboșat
gheboșat ghebos
murmurând susurând
neurotic nevrotic
nevrotic neurotic
analgezic calmant
descălțat desculț
desculț descălțat
branhii fără
ondulat unduios
ondulat unduitor
unduios unduitor
unduitor unduios
iradiant radios
apărător ocrotitor
apărător protector
exprimat verbalizat
consistent hrănitor
consistent nutritiv
hrănitor nutritiv
hipnotic hipnotizant
hipnotizant hipnotic
fără moderație
arabil cultivabil
mirositor rău
mânjit pătat
marțial ostășesc
cazon marțial
marțial milităresc
marțial militar
cazon ostășesc
milităresc ostășesc
militar ostășesc
cazon milităresc
cazon militar
milităresc marțial
milităresc militar
militar marțial
militar milităresc
maritim nautic
deplasabil transportabil
aprobativ aprobator
aprobator aprobativ
imitativ onomatopeic
lei trei
două trei
parale trei
două lei
lei parale
două parale
incalculabil nenumărat
nevăzător orb
decorat ornat
ornat împodobit
decorat împodobit
antracit negru
hieratic sacerdotal
ereditar înnăscut
ereditar moștenit
moștenit înnăscut
bahic dionisiac
suportabil tolerabil
cuticular epidermic
cuticular dermic
excitant excitator
excitator excitant
cartonat legat
nearat nelucrat
nelucrat nearat
fără nemilos
milă nemilos
fără milă
dublu îndoit
culcat întins
culcat lungit
culcat tolănit
culcat trântit
lungit întins
tolănit întins
trântit întins
lungit tolănit
lungit trântit
tolănit trântit
trântit tolănit
păduros împădurit
electric electrizant
electrizant electric
arhetipal arhetipic
arhetipic arhetipal
fără rimă
73 șaptezeci
73 și
73 trei
șaptezeci și
trei șaptezeci
și șaptezeci
trei și
cifric numeric
cu creastă
creastă cu
76 șaptezeci
76 și
76 șase
șaptezeci șase
și șase
șase șaptezeci
șase și
provocator sfidător
discontinuu intermitent
32 treizeci
32 și
32 doi
treizeci și
doi treizeci
doi și
fără grăsime
vermicular vermiform
vermiform vermicular
adorat divinizat
adorat idolatrizat
adorat venerat
divinizat idolatrizat
divinizat venerat
idolatrizat venerat
avizat competent
avizat informat
avizat pregătit
competent informat
competent pregătit
informat pregătit
54 cinzeci
54 și
54 patru
cinzeci și
cinzeci patru
patru și
antenatal prenatal
al patrulea
juridic judiciar
juridic judecătoresc
judiciar juridic
judiciar judecătoresc
judecătoresc juridic
judecătoresc judiciar
inocent nevinovat
pictat zugrăvit
corcit încrucișat
bombat convex
intermitent întrerupt
boțit mototolit
boțit necălcat
boțit șifonat
mototolit necălcat
mototolit șifonat
necălcat șifonat
plâns înlăcrimat
lăcrimat plâns
găurit perforat
senior în
senior vârstă
moale molatec
moale molatic
molatec moale
molatec molatic
molatic moale
molatic molatec
planificat plănuit
plănuit planificat
63 șaizeci
63 și
63 trei
șaizeci și
trei șaizeci
și șaizeci
conceptual ideațional
conceptual noțional
ideațional noțional
caracteristic distinctiv
caracteristic definitoriu
distinctiv definitoriu
definitoriu distinctiv
cel îndepărtat
cel departe
mai îndepărtat
departe mai
departe îndepărtat
ager fin
ager sensibil
hipnotizat transportat
hipnotizat vrăjit
fascinat hipnotizat
transportat vrăjit
fascinat transportat
fascinat vrăjit
drept plan
neted plan
fără neexperimentat
experiență neexperimentat
abrupt prăpăstios
plin regrete
plin remușcări
căință plin
plin părere
plin rău
de regrete
de remușcări
căință de
de părere
regrete remușcări
căință regrete
părere regrete
regrete rău
remușcări regrete
căință remușcări
părere remușcări
remușcări rău
căință părere
căință rău
părere plin
părere rău
rău regrete
rău remușcări
dezonorabil neonorabil
nedospit necrescut
necrescut nedospit
alfabetizat știutor
alfabetizat de
alfabetizat carte
de știutor
carte știutor
carte de
ascuțit incisiv
ascuțit pătrunzător
ascuțit acut
ascuțit fin
ascuțit penetrant
incisiv pătrunzător
acut incisiv
fin incisiv
incisiv penetrant
acut pătrunzător
fin pătrunzător
pătrunzător penetrant
acut ascuțit
acut fin
acut penetrant
fin penetrant
penetrant pătrunzător
dezagreabil neplăcut
dulce plăcut
retardat redus
mintal retardat
redus retardat
bun sănătos
resurgent renăscut
resurgent reînviat
renăscut resurgent
renăscut reînviat
reînviat resurgent
reînviat renăscut
bine ok
bine în
bine regulă
ok în
ok regulă
regulă în
fără scrupule
neîmblânzit sălbatic
curat ordonat
ordonat îngrijit
curat îngrijit
divizat fracționat
divizat fragmentat
divizat scindat
fracționat fragmentat
fracționat scindat
fragmentat fracționat
fragmentat scindat
mlăștinos mocirlos
mocirlos mlăștinos
degradant dezonorant
degradant infamant
degradant înjositor
degradant rușinos
dezonorant degradant
dezonorant infamant
dezonorant înjositor
dezonorant rușinos
infamant înjositor
infamant rușinos
rușinos înjositor
modest mic
modest umil
mic modest
mic umil
intim informal
informal intim
accentuat marcat
accentuat pronunțat
accentuat reliefat
accentuat vizibil
marcat pronunțat
marcat reliefat
marcat vizibil
pronunțat reliefat
pronunțat vizibil
reliefat vizibil
tensionat încordat
fratern frățesc
frățesc fratern
celebru faimos
celebru ilustru
celebru mare
celebru renumit
celebru reputat
celebru vestit
faimos ilustru
faimos mare
faimos renumit
faimos reputat
faimos vestit
ilustru mare
ilustru renumit
ilustru reputat
ilustru vestit
mare renumit
mare reputat
mare vestit
renumit reputat
renumit vestit
reputat renumit
reputat vestit
irosit risipit
lent încet
molâu încet
lent molâu
cald fierbinte
imuabil neschimbător
disponibil utilizabil
liber utilizabil
convins sigur
sigur încredințat
convins încredințat
arcuit boltit
arcuit curbat
boltit curbat
amețit zăpăcit
concediat dat
afară concediat
afară dat
adiacent învecinat
fărâmicios friabil
casant fărâmicios
friabil fărâmicios
friabil sfărâmicios
casant friabil
casant sfărâmicios
cenușiu gri
ambiguu echivoc
ambiguu neclar
echivoc neclar
ignorant neînvățat
neînvățat neștiutor
neștiutor neînvățat
cadaveric scheletic
cadaveric emaciat
emaciat scheletic
trădător vânzător
instabil inconstant
inconstant instabil
inconstant nesigur
observabil perceptibil
observabil sesizabil
perceptibil sesizabil
neașteptat neprevăzut
neașteptat neanticipat
intempestiv neașteptat
neprevăzut neașteptat
neprevăzut neanticipat
intempestiv neprevăzut
neanticipat neașteptat
neanticipat neprevăzut
intempestiv neanticipat
nou recent
pământesc teluric
precedent premergător
premergător precedent
persistent stăruitor
obstinat persistent
obstinat stăruitor
acrit alterat
acrit stricat
alterat acrit
alterat stricat
parțial părtinitor
părtinitor parțial
degradant umilitor
dezonorant umilitor
rușinos umilitor
categorial taxonomic
ascultător bun
ascultător cuminte
ascultător docil
ascultător supus
bun cuminte
bun docil
bun supus
cuminte docil
cuminte supus
docil supus
incapabil incompetent
incapabil nechemat
incapabil necompetent
incapabil nepregătit
incompetent incapabil
incompetent nechemat
incompetent necompetent
incompetent nepregătit
nechemat necompetent
nechemat nepregătit
necompetent nechemat
necompetent nepregătit
nepregătit nechemat
nepregătit necompetent
mitologic mitic
mitic mitologic
hirsut păros
amăgitor înșelător
cutezător îndrăzneț
atrăgător antrenant
antrenant atrăgător
barbar primitiv
barbar sălbatic
primitiv sălbatic
cinstit corect
corect cinstit
consistent substanțial
consistent cu
consistent miez
cu substanțial
miez substanțial
cu consistent
cu miez
global mondial
global planetar
mondial planetar
instinctiv natural
45 calibrul
deosebit diferit
diferit deosebit
atractiv atrăgător
atrăgător atractiv
accesibil elementar
accesibil simplu
ales distins
ales select
ales deosebit
distins select
distins deosebit
deosebit select
deosebit distins
curent la
defavorabil nefavorabil
defavorabil neprielnic
nefavorabil neprielnic
neprielnic nefavorabil
6 șase
final ultim
adult dezvoltat
dezvoltat matur
puternic robust
binecrescut manierat
groaznic grozav
groaznic teribil
groaznic îngrozitor
grozav groaznic
grozav teribil
grozav îngrozitor
teribil îngrozitor
copt matur
abject mizerabil
abject nedemn
mizerabil nedemn
lungă vorbă
puternic viguros
rezervat reținut
reținut rezervat
blând lin
blând ușor
agreabil plăcut
inechivoc neambiguu
inechivoc univoc
neambiguu univoc
cardinal esențial
creț cârlionțat
buclat creț
cârlionțat creț
buclat cârlionțat
multicolor policolor
multicolor policrom
policolor policrom
policrom policolor
stimulant stimulativ
stimulativ stimulant
stimulativ stimulator
stimulator stimulativ
instabil schimbător
instabil variabil
schimbător variabil
de oțel
asemănător asemenea
asemănător la
asemănător fel
fel la
cunoscător pregătit
cunoscător priceput
pregătit priceput
priceput pregătit
josnic mârșav
infam josnic
infam mârșav
biet nenorocit
biet nevoiaș
biet sărac
biet sărman
nenorocit nevoiaș
nenorocit sărac
nenorocit sărman
nevoiaș nenorocit
buimăcitor năucitor
buimăcitor stupefiant
buimăcitor uluitor
năucitor stupefiant
năucitor uluitor
stupefiant uluitor
impetuos viguros
nefolosit neîntrebuințat
nefolosit nou
neîntrebuințat nefolosit
neîntrebuințat nou
nou nefolosit
nou neîntrebuințat
brun negricios
brun oacheș
brunet negricios
brunet oacheș
negricios oacheș
culise de
de în
de secret
de pe
de la
de spate
culise în
culise secret
culise pe
culise la
culise spate
secret în
pe în
spate în
pe secret
secret spate
pe spate
spate secret
arogant disprețuitor
abil subtil
abil fin
fin subtil
abil bun
bun capabil
tolerant îngăduitor
fascinant fermecător
fascinant răpitor
fermecător fascinant
fermecător răpitor
modificabil transformabil
nerezistent slab
nerezistent șubred
nerezistent șubrezit
slab șubred
slab șubrezit
șubred șubrezit
șubrezit șubred
carismatic magnetic
fezabil realizabil
blajin blând
blând blajin
înmărmurit înghețat
înmărmurit împietrit
înmărmurit încremenit
înmărmurit înlemnit
înmărmurit înțepenit
înghețat înmărmurit
înghețat împietrit
înghețat încremenit
înghețat înlemnit
înghețat înțepenit
împietrit înmărmurit
împietrit înghețat
împietrit încremenit
împietrit înlemnit
împietrit înțepenit
încremenit înmărmurit
încremenit înghețat
încremenit împietrit
încremenit înlemnit
încremenit înțepenit
înlemnit înmărmurit
înlemnit înghețat
înlemnit împietrit
înlemnit încremenit
înlemnit înțepenit
înțepenit înmărmurit
înțepenit înghețat
înțepenit împietrit
înțepenit încremenit
înțepenit înlemnit
luminos strălucitor
precaut prevăzător
precaut prudent
prevăzător precaut
prevăzător prudent
prudent precaut
prudent prevăzător
aspru drastic
aspru sever
drastic sever
plin semnificativ
de semnificativ
semnificativ înțeles
plin înțeles
de înțeles
nebulos neguros
neguros nebulos
armonios proporționat
rafinat subtil
absent lipsă
inundat potopit
potopit înecat
paradisiac paradiziac
paradiziac paradisiac
cumplit groaznic
cumplit teribil
ascuns secretos
bun-gust de
calm liniștit
compact masiv
compact plin
masiv plin
bățos drept
lăudabil meritoriu
lăudabil merituos
meritoriu merituos
merituos meritoriu
benefic convenabil
imoral pervertit
depravat imoral
depravat pervertit
agresiv insistent
gălăgios tumultuos
gălăgios turbulent
gălăgios zgomotos
tumultuos turbulent
tumultuos zgomotos
turbulent tumultuos
turbulent zgomotos
anacronic anacronistic
anacronistic anacronic
indispensabil necesar
infim microscopic
infim infinitezimal
infinitezimal microscopic
infinitezimal infim
larg întins
mare întins
vast întins
larg vast
mare vast
adevărat minuțios
adevărat bun
bun minuțios
fost vechi
aton neaccentuat
nestatornic schimbător
protejat securizat
contrar invers
contrar opus
invers opus
de jos
grandios monumental
epic grandios
epic monumental
identificabil recognoscibil
egocentric egocentrist
egocentric egoist
egocentrist egocentric
egocentrist egoist
egoist egocentric
egoist egocentrist
excepțional ideal
excepțional magistral
excepțional perfect
excepțional superb
extraordinar ideal
extraordinar magistral
extraordinar perfect
extraordinar superb
ideal magistral
ideal minunat
ideal perfect
ideal superb
magistral minunat
magistral perfect
magistral superb
minunat magistral
minunat perfect
perfect superb
clasic frecvent
clasic obișnuit
clasic tradițional
clasic uzual
frecvent obișnuit
frecvent tradițional
frecvent uzual
obișnuit tradițional
obișnuit uzual
tradițional uzual
dulceag siropos
epuizant extenuant
epuizant istovitor
epuizant greu
chinuitor epuizant
extenuant epuizant
extenuant istovitor
extenuant greu
chinuitor extenuant
greu istovitor
chinuitor istovitor
chinuitor greu
lumesc mundan
fără țintă
bogat îmbelșugat
bogat îndestulat
bogat mare
bogat mănos
bogat copios
îmbelșugat îndestulat
mare îmbelșugat
mănos îmbelșugat
copios îmbelșugat
îndestulat îmbelșugat
mare îndestulat
mănos îndestulat
copios îndestulat
mare mănos
copios mare
mănos mare
copios mănos
preventiv profilactic
profilactic preventiv
evocativ evocator
evocator evocativ
redus scăzut
agale alene
agale domol
alene agale
alene domol
masiv monumental
monumental masiv
franc sincer
avid lacom
avid nesățios
lacom nesățios
inexistent neexistent
ocupat prins
interminabil nesfârșit
potrivnic refractar
fantomatic imaginat
imaginat spectral
ucigător ucigaș
pernicios ucigător
fatal ucigător
nimicitor ucigător
mortal ucigător
ucigaș ucigător
pernicios ucigaș
fatal ucigaș
nimicitor ucigaș
mortal ucigaș
fatal pernicios
nimicitor pernicios
mortal pernicios
fatal nimicitor
fatal mortal
mortal nimicitor
amuțit domol
domol potolit
amuțit potolit
fierbinte încins
fierbinte înfierbântat
încins înfierbântat
înfierbântat încins
circumspect precaut
aprins în
aprins flăcări
flăcări în
focos pasional
excitabil focos
excitabil pasional
jalnic nenorocit
jalnic trist
nenorocit trist
imperios stringent
imperial împărătesc
imperial regal
regal împărătesc
alinător calmant
alinător liniștitor
calmant liniștitor
divin dumnezeiesc
dumnezeiesc divin
expansiv exuberant
expansiv eroic
expansiv măreț
exuberant expansiv
exuberant eroic
exuberant măreț
eroic expansiv
eroic exuberant
eroic măreț
neîndemânatic stângaci
gol vid
câștigător victorios
inconstant schimbător
inconstant nestatornic
din larg
dinspre larg
slab vag
natural normal
normal natural
firesc normal
posterior ulterior
banal prozaic
banal plat
banal neinspirat
prozaic plat
neinspirat prozaic
plat prozaic
neinspirat plat
clar limpede
dezgustător dizgrațios
dizgrațios dezgustător
dezgustător grețos
dezgustător greu
dezgustător infect
dezgustător puturos
dezgustător scârbos
grețos greu
grețos infect
grețos puturos
grețos scârbos
greu grețos
greu infect
greu puturos
greu scârbos
infect puturos
infect scârbos
puturos scârbos
aprig feroce
aprig înverșunat
aprig crâncen
feroce înverșunat
crâncen feroce
crâncen înverșunat
mărinimos magnanim
magnanim mărinimos
fugitiv momentan
fugitiv pasager
momentan pasager
glumeț hazliu
glumeț vesel
hazliu vesel
amical binevoitor
ace la
ace patru
curajos viteaz
38 calibrul
moderat potrivit
abject josnic
josnic mizerabil
șovăielnic șovăitor
șovăitor șovăielnic
anost insipid
deplasat inoportun
inoportun nepotrivit
ordonat organizat
aranjat ordonat
organizat ordonat
aranjat organizat
pierdut rătăcit
contradictoriu contrar
contradictoriu potrivnic
contradictoriu exclusiv
contradictoriu opus
contrar contradictoriu
contrar potrivnic
contrar exclusiv
exclusiv potrivnic
opus potrivnic
exclusiv opus
incomod nepotrivit
inoportun incomod
incomod inoportun
consecutiv succesiv
consecutiv la
consecutiv rând
rând succesiv
adecvat potrivit
adecvat cuvenit
cuvenit potrivit
chibzuit gândit
cumpănit gândit
gândit socotit
chibzuit cumpănit
chibzuit socotit
cumpănit chibzuit
cumpănit socotit
neatrăgător neinteresant
neinteresant neatrăgător
coborât redus
coborât scăzut
flămând înfometat
otrăvitor toxic
dăunător periculos
nenatural nefiresc
nefiresc nenatural
funcțional operațional
funcțional folosibil
folosibil operațional
folosibil funcțional
extenuat ostenit
aspru crud
aspru cumplit
crud cumplit
cumplit crud
insensibil nesimțitor
mizerabil mârșav
mârșav mizerabil
impertinent insolent
impertinent ireverențios
impertinent obraznic
insolent impertinent
insolent obraznic
ireverențios impertinent
ireverențios obraznic
impunător impozant
impunător maiestuos
impunător măreț
impozant impunător
impozant maiestuos
impozant măreț
maiestuos măreț
măreț maiestuos
marginal mărginaș
mărginaș marginal
ilegitim nelegitim
discret reținut
discret rezervat
epuizant obositor
extenuant obositor
istovitor obositor
indiferent surd
ascendent suitor
afabil amiabil
afabil cordial
amiabil afabil
amiabil cordial
despuiat dezbrăcat
despuiat gol-pușcă
despuiat nud
despuiat gol
dezbrăcat despuiat
dezbrăcat gol-pușcă
dezbrăcat nud
dezbrăcat gol
gol-pușcă nud
gol nud
încordat întins
întins încordat
generos mărinimos
generos mare
mărinimos mare
mare mărinimos
azuriu bleu
fără suflare
aspru rigid
necruțător rigid
aspru necruțător
sprinten vioi
jegos murdar
jegos slinos
jegos soios
jegos întinat
jegos mânjit
murdar slinos
murdar soios
murdar întinat
murdar mânjit
slinos soios
slinos întinat
mânjit slinos
soios slinos
soios întinat
mânjit soios
mânjit întinat
mânjit murdar
moderat temperat
potrivit temperat
ineficace incapabil
incapabil ineficace
greșit incorect
maniac nebunesc
delirant maniac
delirant nebunesc
opalescent opalin
opalin opalescent
gras uleios
gras unsuros
fecund prolific
implicit necontestat
implicit indiscutabil
implicit neîndoielnic
implicit netăgăduit
indiscutabil necontestat
necontestat neîndoielnic
necontestat netăgăduit
indiscutabil implicit
indiscutabil neîndoielnic
indiscutabil netăgăduit
neîndoielnic necontestat
neîndoielnic netăgăduit
netăgăduit necontestat
netăgăduit neîndoielnic
palpabil pipăibil
palpabil tangibil
pipăibil palpabil
pipăibil tangibil
corupt stricat
gât până-n
ascetic spartan
constrictiv continuu
constrictiv fricativ
continuu constrictiv
continuu fricativ
dezordine în
ager agil
ager sprinten
ager vioi
agil ager
agil sprinten
agil vioi
zbârcit încrețit
viguros vehement
vehement viguros
puternic vehement
controlabil verificabil
briliant superb
adecvat corespunzător
înfundat înăbușit
mocnit înfundat
înăbușit înfundat
mocnit înăbușit
brut neprelucrat
indiferent nepăsător
autohton intern
înfiorător îngrozitor
tulburător înfiorător
îngrozitor înfiorător
tulburător îngrozitor
apos slab
slab subțiat
slab îndoit
apos subțiat
apos îndoit
subțiat slab
subțiat îndoit
discriminatoriu discriminant
discriminant discriminatoriu
irațional nerațional
discoidal disciform
discoid disciform
disciform discoidal
disciform discoid
clar strident
ascuțit clar
ascuțit strident
complet deplin
complet total
deplin total
chibzuit cuminte
chibzuit înțelept
cuminte chibzuit
cuminte înțelept
cuminte socotit
socotit înțelept
glacial rece
defect prost
cerebral intelectual
cerebral mintal
cerebral rațional
intelectual mintal
intelectual rațional
mintal rațional
aspru rugos
aspru zgrunțuros
rugos zgrunțuros
dinamic energic
bizar ciudat
bizar curios
bizar excentric
bizar neobișnuit
bizar straniu
ciudat curios
ciudat excentric
ciudat neobișnuit
ciudat straniu
curios ciudat
curios excentric
curios neobișnuit
curios straniu
excentric straniu
neobișnuit straniu
neîndemânatic nepriceput
nepriceput neîndemânatic
nepriceput stângaci
amestecat mixat
strict sever
sever strict
rușinos scandalos
rușinos șocant
condamnabil rușinos
rușinos reprobabil
scandalos șocant
condamnabil scandalos
reprobabil scandalos
condamnabil șocant
reprobabil șocant
condamnabil reprobabil
reprobabil rușinos
accesibil inteligibil
mistic ocult
vesel voios
voios vesel
răbdător îndurător
pacient îndurător
pacient răbdător
banal răsuflat
familiar intim
așa-zis fals
așa-zis fictiv
fals pretins
fictiv pretins
fals fictiv
fictiv fals
bogat fastuos
bogat luxos
bogat somptuos
bogat opulent
fastuos luxos
fastuos somptuos
fastuos opulent
luxos somptuos
luxos opulent
opulent somptuos
atipic neobișnuit
ciolănos osos
mediocru mijlociu
mijlociu mediocru
ager isteț
ager iute
ager repede
agil isteț
agil iute
agil repede
isteț iute
isteț repede
isteț sprinten
isteț vioi
iute isteț
iute repede
iute sprinten
iute vioi
repede sprinten
repede vioi
de primordial
bază primordial
inexplicabil neexplicabil
riguros strict
măgăresc prostesc
măgăresc stupid
idiot măgăresc
prostesc stupid
idiot prostesc
idiot stupid
hazliu umoristic
umoristic vesel
răsuflat vechi
extrovertit extravertit
extravertit extrovertit
admisibil permisibil
marginal periferic
mărginaș periferic
adormit somnoros
cuceritor irezistibil
cuceritor magnetic
irezistibil magnetic
integrat încorporat
inclus încorporat
integrat inclus
inclus integrat
particular propriu
particular personal
propriu particular
propriu personal
personal particular
personal propriu
indefinit indistinct
indistinct nedefinit
indistinct indefinit
avantajos propice
concesiv indulgent
concesiv îngăduitor
concesiv tolerant
indulgent îngăduitor
indulgent tolerant
gânditor inteligent
strașnic zdravăn
bun strașnic
bun zdravăn
mutual reciproc
lipsit prejudecăți
atenuat slăbit
furtunos zbuciumat
avansat sofisticat
fără nou
nou precedent
fără precedent
modest sărac
cugetător liber
călător nomad
călător migrator
migrator nomad
autentic veritabil
casabil casant
casant casabil
capital crucial
crucial capital
constant statornic
drăguț drăgălaș
drăgălaș drăguț
comun colocvial
colocvial comun
insignifiant nesemnificativ
inechivoc neechivoc
cardinal principal
cardinal fundamental
cardinal cheie
esențial principal
fundamental principal
cheie principal
esențial fundamental
cheie esențial
cheie fundamental
cheie cardinal
fermecat magic
actual prezent
feciorelnic pur
feciorelnic virginal
feciorelnic virgin
feciorelnic neprihănit
pur virginal
pur virgin
neprihănit pur
neprihănit virginal
neprihănit virgin
redus slab
modest redus
neînsemnat redus
modest slab
neînsemnat slab
modest neînsemnat
nativ înnăscut
combinat compus
compus combinat
aberant absurd
aberant ilogic
aberant stupid
absurd aberant
absurd ilogic
absurd stupid
ilogic stupid
ferm neînduplecat
inexorabil neînduplecat
implacabil neînduplecat
ferm inexorabil
ferm implacabil
inexorabil implacabil
implacabil inexorabil
trebuincios trebuitor
necesar trebuincios
de trebuincios
trebuincios trebuință
trebuitor trebuincios
necesar trebuitor
de trebuitor
trebuitor trebuință
de necesar
necesar trebuință
de trebuință
trebuință trebuincios
trebuință trebuitor
ezitant nehotărât
ezitant nesigur
ezitant șovăielnic
ezitant șovăitor
nehotărât nesigur
nehotărât șovăielnic
nehotărât șovăitor
nesigur nehotărât
nesigur șovăielnic
nesigur șovăitor
prosper senin
de prosper
aur prosper
de senin
aur senin
aur de
hămesit lihnit
divergent opus
conștiincios scrupulos
scrupulos serios
conștiincios serios
serios scrupulos
adaptiv adaptativ
adaptativ adaptiv
captiv prins
captiv prizonier
prins prizonier
prizonier prins
ignorant incult
ignorant necultivat
ignorant neinstruit
ignorant prost
ignorant simplu
incult ignorant
incult necultivat
incult neinstruit
incult neînvățat
incult prost
incult simplu
necultivat neinstruit
necultivat neînvățat
necultivat prost
neinstruit necultivat
neinstruit prost
neinstruit simplu
neînvățat necultivat
neînvățat prost
neînvățat simplu
prost simplu
expeditiv imediat
expeditiv prompt
imediat prompt
nestăpânit nestăvilit
nestăpânit năvalnic
nestăvilit nestăpânit
nestăvilit năvalnic
năvalnic nestăpânit
năvalnic nestăvilit
discordant disonant
discordant distonant
discordant nearmonios
disonant discordant
disonant distonant
disonant nearmonios
distonant discordant
distonant disonant
distonant nearmonios
galben îngălbenit
galben ofilit
galben pălit
galben trecut
galben uscat
galben veșted
galben veștejit
ofilit îngălbenit
pălit îngălbenit
trecut îngălbenit
uscat îngălbenit
veșted îngălbenit
veștejit îngălbenit
ofilit pălit
ofilit trecut
ofilit uscat
ofilit veșted
ofilit veștejit
pălit trecut
pălit uscat
pălit veșted
pălit veștejit
trecut uscat
trecut veșted
trecut veștejit
uscat veșted
uscat veștejit
veșted veștejit
veștejit veșted
pasibil susceptibil
grav periculos
grav primejdios
grav serios
amenințător grav
periculos primejdios
periculos serios
amenințător periculos
primejdios periculos
primejdios serios
amenințător primejdios
amenințător serios
precumpănitor predominant
precumpănitor preponderent
precumpănitor prevalent
predominant precumpănitor
predominant preponderent
predominant prevalent
preponderent precumpănitor
preponderent predominant
preponderent prevalent
prevalent precumpănitor
prevalent predominant
prevalent preponderent
decisiv hotărâtor
accelerat rapid
furiș hoțește
furiș tiptil
hoțește tiptil
cotit întortocheat
cotit sinuos
cotit șerpuit
cotit șerpuitor
întortocheat șerpuit
întortocheat șerpuitor
sinuos șerpuit
sinuos șerpuitor
josnic murdar
murdar sordid
josnic sordid
distins rafinat
rafinat remarcabil
distins remarcabil
remarcabil rafinat
înfiorător înspăimântător
cutremurător înfiorător
înspăimântător înfiorător
cutremurător înspăimântător
inadecvat neadecvat
inadecvat necorespunzător
neadecvat necorespunzător
necorespunzător neadecvat
incompetent nepriceput
clar precis
îngrozitor înfricoșător
cumplit îngrozitor
înfricoșător îngrozitor
cumplit înfricoșător
groaznic înfricoșător
cu pedigriu
insubordonat nesubordonat
insubordonat nesupus
insubordonat recalcitrant
nesubordonat recalcitrant
comod facil
comod lesnicios
facil lesnicios
fals greșit
eronat fals
fals incorect
fals inexact
eronat greșit
greșit inexact
eronat incorect
eronat inexact
incorect inexact
inexact incorect
cordial prietenesc
femeiesc feminin
feminin femeiesc
incomplet necomplet
decorativ ornamental
decorativ ornant
ornamental ornant
ornant ornamental
chiorâș cruciș
chiorâș pieziș
cruciș chiorâș
cruciș pieziș
neterminat nefinalizat
nefinalizat neterminat
cu garda
cu jos
retras închis
spectacular spectaculos
spectaculos spectacular
neutru neutral
acromatic neutru
acromat neutru
neutral neutru
acromatic neutral
acromat neutral
afectat căutat
afectat nefiresc
afectat pretențios
afectat retoric
căutat nefiresc
căutat pretențios
căutat retoric
nefiresc pretențios
nefiresc retoric
pretențios retoric
răsculat răzvrătit
răsculat rebel
răzvrătit răsculat
răzvrătit rebel
rebel răsculat
rebel răzvrătit
grandilocvent pompos
agale binișor
agale încet
alene binișor
alene încet
binișor domol
binișor încet
domol încet
izbăvitor salvator
mântuitor salvator
impertinent îndrăzneț
impertinent neobrăzat
neobrăzat îndrăzneț
microbian septic
lamentabil nenorocit
deplorabil nenorocit
jalnic prăpădit
lamentabil prăpădit
deplorabil prăpădit
jalnic lamentabil
deplorabil jalnic
deplorabil lamentabil
neguros obscur
imprecis neguros
nebulos obscur
imprecis nebulos
imprecis obscur
fără un
ban fără
fără în
buzunar fără
ban un
un în
ban în
ban buzunar
buzunar în
buzunar ban
prosper înfloritor
corect ireproșabil
coerent consistent
coerent ordonat
consistent coerent
consistent logic
consistent ordonat
logic ordonat
atent măsurat
atent tacticos
măsurat tacticos
angular unghiular
angular colțuros
colțuros unghiular
debordant dezlănțuit
debordant furtunos
debordant impetuos
debordant năvalnic
debordant nestăpânit
debordant nestăvilit
debordant tumultuos
dezlănțuit debordant
dezlănțuit furtunos
dezlănțuit impetuos
dezlănțuit năvalnic
dezlănțuit nestăpânit
dezlănțuit nestăvilit
dezlănțuit tumultuos
furtunos impetuos
furtunos năvalnic
furtunos nestăpânit
furtunos nestăvilit
furtunos tumultuos
impetuos năvalnic
impetuos nestăpânit
impetuos nestăvilit
impetuos tumultuos
năvalnic tumultuos
nestăpânit tumultuos
nestăvilit tumultuos
dinăuntru intra-grup
dinăuntru intern
intra-grup intern
intern intra-grup
amplu cuprinzător
consacrat recunoscut
contrastant contrastiv
contrastiv contrastant
murmurat îngânat
îngânat șoptit
murmurat șoptit
cioturos noduros
fricos sperios
singuratic solitar
solitar singuratic
de ochi
ochi vultur
de vultur
amăgitor aparent
aparent amăgitor
aglomerat înghesuit
grav sever
sever teribil
grav teribil
practic pragmatic
pragmatic practic
culoare închis
culoare la
perpendicular vertical
meritoriu valoros
gastric stomacal
inechitabil injust
inechitabil nedrept
inechitabil neechitabil
inechitabil nejust
injust inechitabil
injust nedrept
injust neechitabil
injust nejust
nedrept neechitabil
nedrept nejust
neechitabil nedrept
neechitabil nejust
nejust nedrept
nejust neechitabil
retras solitar
sfios timid
tardiv întârziat
târziu întârziat
tardiv târziu
târziu tardiv
asemănător similar
palpitant pasionant
pasionant palpitant
cusurgiu pretențios
clar evident
evident vădit
clar vădit
advers contrar
advers dimpotrivă
advers opus
advers potrivnic
contrar dimpotrivă
dimpotrivă opus
dimpotrivă potrivnic
grosolan necizelat
comod confortabil
confortabil comod
concis succint
mnemotehnic mnemonic
mnemonic mnemotehnic
trivial vulgar
enteric intestinal
afectuos delicat
delicat tandru
candid impecabil
favorit preferat
concordant compatibil
compatibil concordant
ieșit proeminent
constant invariabil
constant neschimbat
invariabil neschimbat
roșu îmbujorat
divin providențial
mișcător răscolitor
mișcător tulburător
răscolitor tulburător
involuntar neintenționat
credul naiv
1000 mie
mie o
1000 o
lejer neîngrijit
22 calibrul
.22 calibrul
larg spațios
bizar inexplicabil
ciudat inexplicabil
curios inexplicabil
inexplicabil neobișnuit
inexplicabil straniu
de nevastă
de soție
nevastă soție
fără viziune
credincios cucernic
credincios cuvios
credincios evlavios
credincios pios
credincios religios
credincios smerit
cucernic credincios
cucernic cuvios
cucernic evlavios
cucernic pios
cucernic preacredincios
cucernic religios
cucernic smerit
cuvios credincios
cuvios cucernic
cuvios evlavios
cuvios pios
cuvios preacredincios
cuvios religios
cuvios smerit
evlavios pios
evlavios preacredincios
evlavios religios
evlavios smerit
pios preacredincios
pios religios
pios smerit
preacredincios pios
preacredincios religios
preacredincios smerit
religios smerit
răspunzător responsabil
responsabil răspunzător
sanguin sangvin
sangvin sanguin
dominant precumpănitor
dominant preponderent
dominant prevalent
batjocoritor insultător
insultător ocărâtor
batjocoritor ocărâtor
avariat stricat
avariat defectat
defectat stricat
hâd slut
furios mânios
abrupt pieptiș
abrupt pieziș
pieptiș pieziș
pieziș pieptiș
tulburat îngrijorat
problematic tulburat
cu tulburat
probleme tulburat
problematic îngrijorat
cu îngrijorat
probleme îngrijorat
cu problematic
problematic probleme
cu probleme
probleme problematic
acuzator incriminator
instabil labil
deosebit special
alt deosebit
alt special
inconștient leșinat
rău vicios
devastator dezastruos
devastator destructiv
devastator pustiitor
devastator ruinător
dezastruos devastator
dezastruos destructiv
dezastruos pustiitor
dezastruos ruinător
destructiv devastator
destructiv dezastruos
destructiv pustiitor
destructiv ruinător
pustiitor ruinător
descompus putred
descompus putrezit
descompus putregăit
putred putrezit
putred putregăit
putrezit putred
putrezit putregăit
putregăit putred
putregăit putrezit
nepătat neștirbit
neștirbit nepătat
delirant nestăpânit
delirant entuziast
entuziast nestăpânit
emoționat impresionat
emoționat înduioșat
emoționat mișcat
emoționat tulburat
impresionat înduioșat
impresionat mișcat
impresionat tulburat
mișcat înduioșat
tulburat înduioșat
mișcat tulburat
concret palpabil
concret pipăibil
castrat efeminat
nefavorabil potrivnic
nefavorabil vitreg
advers nefavorabil
potrivnic vitreg
advers vitreg
favorabil prielnic
difuz vag
nedefinit vag
difuz nedefinit
dinăuntru privilegiat
aranjat îngrijit
inept lipsit
de inept
inept tact
lipsit tact
de tact
intact întreg
intact neatins
neatins întreg
colectiv comun
colectiv general
colectiv obștesc
colectiv public
comun colectiv
comun general
comun obștesc
comun public
general obștesc
general public
obștesc public
bățos strict
bățos rigid
aspru dur
distant rece
amețit beat
beat îmbătat
de făcut
făcut mână
făcut manual
de lucrat
lucrat mână
lucrat manual
amețitor năucitor
amețitor uluitor
neural neuronal
neural neuronic
neuronal neural
neuronal neuronic
neuronic neural
neuronic neuronal
cu model
caritabil milos
caritabil milostiv
caritabil generos
generos milos
generos milostiv
epurator purificator
oportun potrivit
indecis nedecis
nedecis nehotărât
nehotărât nedecis
intens tare
intens violent
puternic tare
puternic violent
tare violent
mânios înfuriat
informativ iluminant
iluminant informativ
plin vioi
de vioi
vioi viață
viață vioi
modă în
modă trend
trend în
neinteligent prost
dăunător păgubitor
dăunător prejudiciabil
dăunător vătămător
păgubitor prejudiciabil
păgubitor vătămător
prejudiciabil păgubitor
prejudiciabil vătămător
reverențios respectuos
respectuos reverențios
putred șubred
defavorabil negativ
defavorabil neconstructiv
nefavorabil negativ
nefavorabil neconstructiv
negativ nefavorabil
negativ neconstructiv
neconstructiv nefavorabil
neconstructiv negativ
stimulator tonic
stimulator înviorător
tonic înviorător
mofturos năzuros
gingaș mofturos
gingaș năzuros
alungit lunguieț
panicat înfricoșat
panicat înspăimântat
panicat îngrozit
înfricoșat înspăimântat
înfricoșat îngrozit
înspăimântat înfricoșat
înspăimântat îngrozit
îngrozit înfricoșat
îngrozit înspăimântat
curajos îndrăzneț
nerușinat îndrăzneț
curajos nerușinat
curios întrebător
apreciabil considerabil
apreciabil important
apreciabil însemnat
considerabil important
considerabil însemnat
minor neînsemnat
minor secundar
neînsemnat secundar
galvanic voltaic
distant glacial
exclus imposibil
improbabil imposibil
imposibil improbabil
nefavorabil nepotrivit
nepotrivit nefavorabil
temerar îndrăzneț
netemător îndrăzneț
netemător temerar
101 o
101 sută
101 unu
o sută
o unu
sută unu
categoric ferm
categoric net
ferm net
fără hotărât
hotărât rezerve
fără rezerve
obișnuit regulat
curent obișnuit
curent regulat
civilizat manierat
comunicativ expansiv
comunicativ sociabil
comunicativ volubil
expansiv sociabil
expansiv volubil
sociabil volubil
catolic mai
decât mai
mai papa
catolic decât
catolic papa
decât papa
hotărât motivat
determinat motivat
determinat hotărât
mohorât sumbru
cumpănit rezonabil
curios surprinzător
ciudat surprinzător
neobișnuit surprinzător
dispărut mort
atent bine-crescut
activ participant
neodihnit neobosit
neodihnit neistovit
neodihnit neostenit
neobosit neodihnit
neobosit neistovit
neobosit neostenit
neistovit neodihnit
neistovit neobosit
neistovit neostenit
neostenit neodihnit
neostenit neobosit
neostenit neistovit
clocotitor furibund
clocotitor înfierbântat
furibund înfierbântat
copleșitor covârșitor
covârșitor copleșitor
decolorat spălăcit
introductiv preliminar
cheltuitor larg
cheltuitor la
cheltuitor pungă
larg risipitor
pungă risipitor
larg pungă
fără tragere
fără inimă
de tragere
inimă tragere
de inimă
obscur întunecat
întunecat întunecos
întunecos întunecat
senzual voluptuos
deplorabil mizerabil
jalnic mizerabil
lamentabil mizerabil
legat robust
legat solid
legat viguros
legat vânjos
legat voinic
legat zdravăn
robust solid
robust viguros
robust vânjos
robust voinic
robust zdravăn
solid viguros
solid vânjos
solid voinic
solid zdravăn
viguros vânjos
viguros voinic
viguros zdravăn
vânjos viguros
vânjos voinic
vânjos zdravăn
voinic viguros
voinic vânjos
voinic zdravăn
limitat mărginit
grosolan grosier
grosolan ordinar
grosier grosolan
grosier ordinar
discrepant disonant
disonant discrepant
friguros răcoros
ascuns dosnic
ascuns ferit
ascuns izolat
ascuns lăturalnic
ascuns retras
ascuns singuratic
ascuns tainic
ascuns tăinuit
dosnic ferit
dosnic izolat
dosnic lăturalnic
dosnic retras
dosnic singuratic
dosnic tainic
dosnic tăinuit
ferit izolat
ferit lăturalnic
ferit retras
ferit singuratic
ferit tainic
ferit tăinuit
izolat lăturalnic
izolat retras
izolat singuratic
izolat tainic
izolat tăinuit
lăturalnic retras
lăturalnic singuratic
lăturalnic tainic
lăturalnic tăinuit
retras singuratic
retras tainic
retras tăinuit
singuratic tainic
singuratic tăinuit
tainic tăinuit
tăinuit tainic
hipertrofiat mărit
deșănțat indecent
deșănțat nerușinat
deșănțat obscen
deșănțat pornografic
deșănțat scabros
deșănțat trivial
deșănțat vulgar
indecent nerușinat
indecent obscen
indecent pornografic
indecent scabros
indecent trivial
indecent vulgar
nerușinat obscen
nerușinat pornografic
nerușinat scabros
nerușinat trivial
nerușinat vulgar
obscen pornografic
obscen scabros
obscen trivial
obscen vulgar
pornografic scabros
pornografic trivial
pornografic vulgar
scabros trivial
scabros vulgar
călduț călâu
călâu călduț
distructiv distrugător
distructiv nimicitor
distrugător distructiv
distrugător nimicitor
100 sută
elocvent grăitor
elocvent fluent
fluent grăitor
bastard natural
bastard nelegitim
natural nelegitim
nelegitim natural
acelor contrar
contrar de
contrar ceasornic
acelor de
acelor ceasornic
ceasornic de
ceasornic contrar
perimat vetust
demodat vetust
expirat vetust
demodat perimat
expirat perimat
demodat expirat
adipos gras
alungit prelung
alungit lungăreț
lungăreț prelung
lunguieț prelung
lungăreț lunguieț
lunguieț lungăreț
drept echitabil
drept just
echitabil just
biruitor triumfător
ascendent urcător
suitor urcător
neînsemnat neimportant
neimportant neînsemnat
acerb aspru
acerb necruțător
aspru acerb
brusc inopinat
brusc neașteptat
brusc neprevăzut
brusc subit
abrupt brusc
inopinat neașteptat
inopinat neprevăzut
inopinat subit
abrupt inopinat
neașteptat subit
abrupt neașteptat
neprevăzut subit
abrupt neprevăzut
abrupt subit
colosal enorm
colosal gigantic
colosal imens
colosal uriaș
enorm gigantic
enorm imens
enorm uriaș
gigantic imens
gigantic uriaș
imens uriaș
fastuos strălucit
fastuos grandios
fastuos strălucitor
grandios strălucit
strălucit somptuos
grandios somptuos
grandios strălucitor
somptuos strălucit
somptuos strălucitor
strălucitor somptuos
agreabil simpatic
plăcut simpatic
accesoriu anex
accesoriu auxiliar
anex accesoriu
anex auxiliar
auxiliar accesoriu
auxiliar anex
meticulos pedant
meticulos scrupulos
meticulos tipicar
pedant scrupulos
pedant tipicar
scrupulos tipicar
reținut stăpânit
reținut sobru
rezervat stăpânit
stăpânit sobru
rezervat sobru
sobru stăpânit
excepțional fabulos
nestăpânit turbulent
nestăpânit zgomotos
avariție calicie
avariție zgârcenie
calicie zgârcenie
fantezist vizionar
abuzat maltratat
gol secătuit
golit secătuit
predestinat sortit
menit sortit
sortit ursit
fatal sortit
menit predestinat
predestinat ursit
fatal predestinat
menit ursit
fatal menit
fatal ursit
delicios încântător
artificial elaborat
artificial nefiresc
elaborat nefiresc
de zilnic
de zi
accentuat puternic
pronunțat puternic
puternic pronunțat
melodic melodios
melodic muzical
melodios melodic
melodios muzical
muzical melodic
muzical melodios
gol-pușcă în
costumul gol-pușcă
gol-pușcă lui
costumul în
lui în
costumul lui
concis rezumativ
concis sumar
rezumativ succint
rezumativ sumar
succint sumar
sumar succint
deformat diform
deformat malformat
diform deformat
diform malformat
aseptic dezinfectat
aseptic steril
aseptic sterilizat
dezinfectat steril
dezinfectat sterilizat
ferm puternic
armonios echilibrat
armonios regulat
armonios simetric
echilibrat regulat
echilibrat simetric
regulat simetric
extraordinar senzațional
captivant senzațional
captivant extraordinar
semnificativ substanțial
consistent semnificativ
substanțial semnificativ
criptic enigmatic
criptic misterios
criptic ocult
enigmatic misterios
enigmatic ocult
misterios ocult
conciliator conciliant
conciliator împăciuitor
conciliant conciliator
conciliant împăciuitor
concentrat tare
concentrat vârtos
galben verde
spre sud
sud spre
emblematic simbolic
fără zadarnic
rost zadarnic
fără rost
nebunesc necugetat
nebunesc prostesc
necugetat nebunesc
necugetat prostesc
nedecis șovăielnic
ezitant nedecis
indecis șovăielnic
ezitant indecis
sleit zdrobit
mondial universal
general mondial
global universal
general universal
global general
general global
evadat fugit
somnifer soporific
soporific somnifer
bun nealterat
bun nestricat
vioi viu
vioi însuflețit
viu vioi
viu însuflețit
deschis fățiș
fecund fertil
fertil prolific
fertil fecund
admirabil deosebit
admirabil excelent
admirabil remarcabil
deosebit excelent
deosebit remarcabil
excelent remarcabil
ascuns secret
fin neted
acceptabil mulțumitor
acceptabil satisfăcător
congenital înnăscut
congenital nativ
expansiv îndrăzneț
exuberant îndrăzneț
prețios valoros
independent suveran
autonom suveran
liber suveran
independent liber
autonom liber
apropiat intim
brun tuciuriu
brunet tuciuriu
negricios tuciuriu
oacheș tuciuriu
inexplicabil neînțeles
neexplicabil neînțeles
neînțeles neexplicabil
grav jos
grav profund
bas grav
jos profund
bas jos
bas profund
inflexibil rigid
nou proaspăt
categoric tranșant
net tranșant
diametral opus
limitat redus
cleios lipicios
lipicios vâscos
cleios vâscos
izolat singur
izolat solitar
retras singur
ilegitim ilegal
ilegal ilegitim
neglijabil neimportant
neglijabil neînsemnat
neimportant neglijabil
neînsemnat neglijabil
livid învinețit
vânăt învinețit
livid vânăt
infatigabil neobosit
cu pas
intangibil inviolabil
de intangibil
intangibil necucerit
inviolabil intangibil
de inviolabil
inviolabil necucerit
de necucerit
imparțial nepărtinitor
expeditiv operativ
operativ prompt
spumos înspumat
fără speranță
actual contemporan
actual modern
actual nou
actual recent
contemporan modern
contemporan nou
contemporan recent
modern recent
instabil temperamental
capricios temperamental
capricios instabil
preparator pregătitor
pregătitor preparator
insațiabil nesățios
disruptiv turbulent
disruptiv tumultuos
insignifiant neînsemnat
minunat încântător
drăguț încântător
drăguț minunat
animat viu
bun comod
bun confortabil
aberant deviant
adevărat autentic
autentic adevărat
dolofan rotofei
dăunător nesănătos
dăunător nociv
nesănătos nociv
nesănătos vătămător
nociv nesănătos
nociv vătămător
dulceag fad
dulceag insipid
dulceag searbăd
fad insipid
fad searbăd
insipid searbăd
avar meschin
meschin zgârcit
avar zgârcit
bălțat pătat
bălțat tărcat
pătat tărcat
inconștient instinctual
inconștient instinctiv
inconștient reflex
instinctual inconștient
instinctual instinctiv
instinctual reflex
instinctiv inconștient
instinctiv instinctual
instinctiv reflex
inițial primar
anterior fost
discret modest
nefalsificat original
nefalsificat veritabil
original veritabil
plângăcios plângăreț
plângăreț plângăcios
expus vulnerabil
omenos uman
chitit hotărât
chitit decis
distins impunător
pătrunzător viu
exact precis
crescut dezvoltat
crescut matur
inanimat neanimat
inanimat neînsuflețit
inanimat mort
neanimat neînsuflețit
mort neanimat
neînsuflețit neanimat
curbat încovoiat
arcuit încovoiat
barbar crâncen
barbar crud
barbar sângeros
barbar violent
barbar brutal
crâncen crud
crâncen sălbatic
crâncen sângeros
crâncen violent
brutal crâncen
crud crâncen
crud sălbatic
crud sângeros
crud violent
brutal crud
sălbatic sângeros
sălbatic violent
brutal sălbatic
sângeros sălbatic
sângeros violent
brutal sângeros
brutal violent
brutal barbar
clandestin ilegal
clandestin ilicit
ilegal ilicit
ilicit ilegal
corpolent obez
pieziș strâmb
descentrat strâmb
descentrat pieziș
candid inocent
salin sărat
sărat salin
categoric precis
categoric sigur
precis sigur
angelic serafic
dubios îndoielnic
desfrânat ușor
depravat ușor
destrăbălat ușor
promiscuu ușor
desfrânat depravat
desfrânat destrăbălat
desfrânat promiscuu
depravat desfrânat
depravat destrăbălat
depravat promiscuu
destrăbălat desfrânat
destrăbălat depravat
destrăbălat promiscuu
inapt incapabil
incapabil inapt
embrionar embrionic
embrionic embrionar
mâncăcios mâncău
lacom mâncăcios
mâncău mâncăcios
lacom mâncău
cutanat cutaneu
cutaneu cutanat
necunoscut obscur
rece rezervat
distant rezervat
rezervat rece
solvabil solvent
solvent solvabil
bine gândit
delicat grațios
delicat suav
grațios suav
fatal funest
fatal nefericit
fatal nenorocit
fatal tragic
funest fatal
funest nefericit
funest nenorocit
nefericit nenorocit
nefericit tragic
nenorocit nefericit
nenorocit tragic
binefăcător filantrop
binefăcător caritabil
caritabil filantrop
anume dinadins
anume intenționat
anume înadins
anume special
anume voit
dinadins intenționat
dinadins înadins
dinadins special
dinadins voit
intenționat înadins
intenționat special
intenționat voit
special înadins
voit înadins
special voit
demodat desuet
demodat învechit
demodat vechi
desuet demodat
desuet învechit
desuet perimat
desuet vechi
perimat învechit
perimat vechi
distins elegant
distins fin
elegant fin
pufos pilos
pilos pufos
radical revoluționar
revoluționar radical
civilizat politicos
acceptabil comestibil
condamnat sortit
condamnat menit
apatic placid
neclar tulbure
neclar vag
tulbure vag
artiodactil paricopitat
inutil zadarnic
inutil superfluu
superfluu zadarnic
nesigur îndoielnic
contradictoriu paradoxal
deliberat intenționat
deliberat voit
circumscris limitat
curtenitor galant
curtenitor cavaleresc
cavaleresc galant
cavaleresc curtenitor
valid valabil
valabil valid
pe termen
lung pe
lung termen
înșelător șiret
viclean șiret
viclean înșelător
mobil în
mobil mișcare
mișcare în
mișcare mobil
infatuat încrezut
încrezut îngâmfat
încrezut țanțoș
fudul încrezut
plin încrezut
de încrezut
sine încrezut
infatuat îngâmfat
infatuat țanțoș
fudul infatuat
infatuat plin
de infatuat
infatuat sine
îngâmfat încrezut
îngâmfat țanțoș
fudul îngâmfat
plin îngâmfat
de îngâmfat
sine îngâmfat
fudul țanțoș
plin țanțoș
de țanțoș
sine țanțoș
fudul plin
de fudul
fudul sine
plin sine
artistic estetic
prielnic propice
propice prielnic
omogen unitar
omogen uniform
unitar uniform
uniform unitar
indiscutabil incontestabil
incontestabil indiscutabil
neajutorat neîndemânatic
neajutorat nepriceput
neajutorat stângaci
neîndemânatic neajutorat
nepriceput neajutorat
nepotrivit nesincronizat
inoportun nesincronizat
nesincronizat nepotrivit
doveditor justificativ
doveditor justificator
doveditor probator
doveditor probatoriu
justificativ justificator
justificativ probator
justificativ probatoriu
justificator justificativ
justificator probator
justificator probatoriu
clar curat
clar pur
clar senin
clar străveziu
curat clar
curat limpede
curat pur
curat senin
curat străveziu
limpede pur
limpede senin
limpede străveziu
pur senin
pur străveziu
senin străveziu
străveziu senin
fantasmagoric fantastic
fantasmagoric ireal
fantasmagoric suprarealist
fantastic fantasmagoric
fantastic ireal
fantastic suprarealist
ireal suprarealist
abil descurcăreț
epicureu epicurian
epicureu voluptuos
epicurian epicureu
epicurian voluptuos
evaziv vag
evaziv ocolit
ocolit vag
definitiv final
neașteptat nesperat
nesperat neașteptat
trecut vechi
amărât supărat
necăjit supărat
amărât necăjit
nepretențios neostentativ
neostentativ nepretențios
anost banal
anost monoton
anost plictisitor
banal monoton
banal plictisitor
monoton plictisitor
plicticos plictisitor
plicticos searbăd
anost plicticos
plictisitor plicticos
plictisitor searbăd
anost searbăd
nepământean nepământesc
ciudat nepământean
nepământean straniu
bizar nepământean
nepământesc nepământean
ciudat nepământesc
nepământesc straniu
bizar nepământesc
degradat deteriorat
degradat uzat
deteriorat degradat
deteriorat uzat
deteriorat ponosit
ponosit uzat
absent neatent
concret fizic
fizic tangibil
concret tangibil
promițător strălucit
nehotărât nedefinit
nedefinit nehotărât
murdar tenebros
durabil persistent
amănunțit detaliat
duplicitar fals
duplicitar fariseic
duplicitar fățarnic
duplicitar perfid
duplicitar prefăcut
fals fariseic
fals fățarnic
fals perfid
fals prefăcut
fariseic fals
fariseic fățarnic
fariseic perfid
fariseic prefăcut
fățarnic fals
fățarnic fariseic
fățarnic perfid
fățarnic prefăcut
perfid prefăcut
prefăcut perfid
cert precis
cert sigur
anost neinteresant
neinteresant plicticos
neinteresant plictisitor
asociat legat
ispititor seducător
ademenitor seducător
just întemeiat
temeinic întemeiat
solid întemeiat
just temeinic
just solid
solid temeinic
necunoscut neștiut
neștiut necunoscut
cu inima
cu de
cu piatră
de inima
de piatră
limitativ restrictiv
păcătos rău
demoralizat descurajat
descurajat demoralizat
falnic semeț
animat vioi
insignifiant neimportant
neînsemnat nesemnificativ
neimportant nesemnificativ
nesemnificativ neînsemnat
nesemnificativ neimportant
nemulțumit nesatisfăcut
nesatisfăcut nemulțumit
umanistic umanitar
umanist umanitar
umanitar umanistic
umanitar umanist
comunicativ extrovertit
extrovertit sociabil
comunicativ extravertit
extravertit sociabil
gândit înțelept
gândit rezonabil
rezonabil înțelept
chibzuit rezonabil
auxiliar subsidiar
auxiliar suplimentar
subsidiar suplimentar
suplimentar subsidiar
analog asemănător
analog înrudit
analog similar
asemănător analog
asemănător înrudit
similar înrudit
hazardat imprudent
hazardat riscant
imprudent riscant
ademenitor tentant
atrăgător tentant
ispititor tentant
tentant îmbietor
capricios schimbător
cultivat educat
solid substanțial
substanțial solid
substanțial temeinic
refractar rebel
nesupus refractar
refractar recalcitrant
rebel refractar
recalcitrant refractar
mârșav ticălos
mârșav nemernic
nemernic ticălos
infam ticălos
infam nemernic
nemilos necruțător
nemilos neîndurător
necruțător nemilos
necruțător neîndurător
neîndurător nemilos
neîndurător necruțător
amuzant comic
uimitor uluitor
uluitor uimitor
nedemn nevrednic
nevrednic nedemn
dibaci precis
iscusit precis
dibaci iscusit
neîntrerupt susținut
epuizat extenuat
epuizat istovit
epuizat rupt
epuizat secat
epuizat secătuit
epuizat sfârșit
epuizat sleit
epuizat stors
epuizat trudit
epuizat vlăguit
epuizat zdrobit
extenuat epuizat
extenuat istovit
extenuat rupt
extenuat secat
extenuat secătuit
extenuat sfârșit
extenuat sleit
extenuat stors
extenuat trudit
extenuat vlăguit
extenuat zdrobit
istovit rupt
istovit secat
istovit secătuit
istovit sfârșit
istovit sleit
istovit stors
istovit trudit
istovit vlăguit
istovit zdrobit
rupt secat
rupt secătuit
rupt sfârșit
rupt sleit
rupt stors
rupt trudit
rupt vlăguit
rupt zdrobit
secat secătuit
secat sfârșit
secat sleit
secat stors
secat trudit
secat vlăguit
secat zdrobit
secătuit secat
secătuit sfârșit
secătuit sleit
secătuit stors
secătuit trudit
secătuit vlăguit
secătuit zdrobit
sfârșit secat
sfârșit secătuit
sfârșit sleit
sfârșit stors
sfârșit trudit
sfârșit vlăguit
sfârșit zdrobit
sleit secat
sleit secătuit
sleit sfârșit
sleit stors
sleit trudit
sleit vlăguit
stors secat
stors secătuit
stors sfârșit
stors sleit
stors trudit
stors vlăguit
stors zdrobit
trudit vlăguit
trudit zdrobit
vlăguit zdrobit
pământesc terestru
mundan pământesc
mundan terestru
elastic flexibil
adaptabil elastic
adaptabil flexibil
confortabil plăcut
agreabil confortabil
rece vechi
detectabil perceptibil
disproporționat inegal
gigantic gigantesc
gigantesc gigantic
prim întâi
confuz încâlcit
confuz încurcat
confuz nedeslușit
nedeslușit încâlcit
nedeslușit încurcat
inițiatic tainic
ezoteric tainic
ezoteric inițiatic
fără respirație
fără puls
puls respirație
necioplit necizelat
necizelat necioplit
submarin submersibil
submersibil submarin
capabil priceput
capabil competent
competent priceput
competent capabil
nătărău nătâng
nătărău neghiob
nătărău nerod
nătărău netot
nătărău prostănac
nătărău tont
nătărău tontălău
nătâng nătărău
nătâng neghiob
nătâng nerod
nătâng netot
nătâng prostănac
nătâng tont
nătâng tontălău
neghiob nătărău
neghiob nătâng
neghiob nerod
neghiob netot
neghiob prostănac
neghiob tont
neghiob tontălău
nerod nătărău
nerod nătâng
nerod neghiob
nerod netot
nerod prostănac
nerod tont
nerod tontălău
netot nătărău
netot nătâng
netot neghiob
netot nerod
netot prostănac
netot tont
netot tontălău
prostănac tont
prostănac tontălău
devastator distrugător
nimicitor pustiitor
distrugător pustiitor
distrugător devastator
cu zăpăcit
capul zăpăcit
zăpăcit în
nori zăpăcit
cu capul
cu în
cu nori
capul cu
capul în
capul nori
nori în
abătut demoralizat
abătut descurajat
silitor sârguincios
silitor sârguitor
sârguincios silitor
sârguincios sârguitor
sârguitor silitor
sârguitor sârguincios
deprimat descurajat
abătut deprimat
deprimat demoralizat
descurajat deprimat
demoralizat deprimat
emoționant impresionant
emoționant înduioșător
emoționant mișcător
emoționant răscolitor
emoționant tulburător
emoționant vibrant
impresionant înduioșător
impresionant mișcător
impresionant răscolitor
impresionant tulburător
impresionant vibrant
mișcător înduioșător
răscolitor înduioșător
tulburător înduioșător
vibrant înduioșător
mișcător vibrant
răscolitor vibrant
tulburător vibrant
aprig furtunos
aprig impulsiv
aprig înflăcărat
aprig năvalnic
aprig nestăpânit
aprig vehement
aprig violent
furtunos impulsiv
furtunos înflăcărat
furtunos vehement
furtunos violent
impulsiv înflăcărat
impulsiv năvalnic
impulsiv nestăpânit
impulsiv vehement
impulsiv violent
năvalnic înflăcărat
nestăpânit înflăcărat
vehement înflăcărat
violent înflăcărat
năvalnic vehement
năvalnic violent
nestăpânit vehement
nestăpânit violent
vehement violent
violent vehement
caraghios ridicol
mulțumit satisfăcut
scânteietor sclipitor
sclipitor scânteietor
nesuferit răutăcios
corespunzător proporțional
concordant proporțional
corespunzător concordant
concordant corespunzător
răcoritor rece
rece răcoritor
puternic voinic
puternic vânjos
musculos puternic
bine puternic
făcut puternic
musculos voinic
bine voinic
făcut voinic
musculos viguros
bine viguros
făcut viguros
musculos vânjos
bine vânjos
făcut vânjos
musculos robust
bine robust
făcut robust
bine musculos
făcut musculos
rigid sever
capital esențial
crucial esențial
aspru spartan
drastic spartan
sever spartan
spartan sever
incapabil nepriceput
spălăcit șters
servil slugarnic
slugarnic servil
elementar primar
disperat eroic
desperat eroic
de seamă
avântat nobil
smintit țăcănit
țăcănit țicnit
țicnit țăcănit
contrafăcut fals
distorsionat deformat
deformat distorsionat
delicat gingaș
delicat plăpând
firav gingaș
firav plăpând
fragil gingaș
fragil plăpând
gingaș plăpând
concludent elocvent
concludent grăitor
brut grosolan
brut necizelat
brut nefinisat
grosolan nefinisat
grosolan neprelucrat
suplu subțire
suplu zvelt
subțire suplu
subțire zvelt
aglomerat ocupat
strâmb într-o
parte strâmb
pieziș într-o
pieziș parte
parte într-o
parte pieziș
clar deslușit
clar explicit
clar lămurit
deslușit explicit
deslușit lămurit
deslușit limpede
explicit lămurit
explicit limpede
lămurit limpede
limpede lămurit
fix imobil
fix neclintit
fix nemișcat
imobil neclintit
imobil nemișcat
neclintit nemișcat
nemișcat neclintit
mândru semeț
mândru maiestuos
mândru măreț
maiestuos semeț
măreț semeț
maiestuos mândru
măreț mândru
deosebit mare
mare remarcabil
mare măreț
deosebit măreț
măreț remarcabil
măreț mare
nimerit potrivit
bun nimerit
lacom nesătul
cert neîndoielnic
cert neîndoios
neîndoielnic sigur
neîndoios sigur
neîndoielnic neîndoios
neîndoios neîndoielnic
avid hrăpăreț
avid rapace
avid apucător
hrăpăreț lacom
hrăpăreț rapace
apucător hrăpăreț
lacom rapace
apucător lacom
apucător rapace
apucător avid
credincios neclintit
devotat neclintit
bombastic pompos
bombastic declamator
declamator pompos
cinstit sincer
futil zadarnic
futil inutil
nedeslușit neclar
neclar nedeslușit
important semnificativ
modest simplu
neajutorat neputincios
incapabil neajutorat
neputincios neajutorat
incapabil neputincios
actual curent
curent prezent
șiret șmecher
perfid șiret
șmecher șiret
viclean șmecher
perfid șmecher
perfid viclean
eventual probabil
neliniștit neastâmpărat
neastâmpărat neliniștit
izbitor spectaculos
izbitor spectacular
frapant spectaculos
frapant spectacular
ardent înflăcărat
solid stabil
solid trainic
stabil solid
stabil trainic
captivant fascinant
calic meschin
cunoscător expert
nepărtinitor obiectiv
imparțial obiectiv
drept obiectiv
drept nepărtinitor
drept imparțial
provizoriu temporar
necugetat nesăbuit
nesăbuit necugetat
încăpățânat îndărătnic
căpos încăpățânat
îndărătnic încăpățânat
căpos îndărătnic
caustic mușcător
cunoscut familiar
cunoscut știut
familiar știut
oportun pertinent
perseverent stăruitor
nebunesc smintit
avântat entuziast
avântat fervent
entuziast fervent
atroce oribil
avid zelos
impersonal neutru
impersonal obiectiv
impersonal imparțial
neutru obiectiv
imparțial neutru
imparțial impersonal
mare voluminos
recalcitrant încăpățânat
recalcitrant îndărătnic
energic viguros
energic puternic
adormit plecat
adormit decedat
adormit răposat
adormit defunct
adormit dispărut
adormit țeapăn
decedat plecat
plecat răposat
defunct plecat
dispărut plecat
plecat țeapăn
decedat răposat
decedat defunct
decedat dispărut
decedat țeapăn
defunct răposat
dispărut răposat
răposat țeapăn
defunct decedat
defunct dispărut
defunct țeapăn
dispărut decedat
dispărut defunct
dispărut țeapăn
aspru neprietenos
dur neprietenos
credincios statornic
devotat statornic
jenat penibil
jenat stânjenit
jenat încurcat
penibil stânjenit
penibil încurcat
stânjenit încurcat
fierbinte înfocat
ardent fierbinte
fierbinte fervent
torid înfocat
arzător înfocat
ardent înfocat
fervent înfocat
ardent torid
fervent torid
arzător ardent
arzător fervent
ardent arzător
ardent fervent
fervent fierbinte
global total
zdravăn întreg
excesiv în
exces în
abil isteț
isteț iscusit
abil iscusit
iscusit isteț
alterat deformat
alterat denaturat
deformat denaturat
denaturat deformat
generos nobil
mărinimos nobil
intimidat stânjenit
intimidat încurcat
apatic indiferent
apatic neinteresat
indiferent neinteresat
posibil realizabil
fix stabil
mic neînsemnat
mic redus
cuceritor fascinant
cuceritor fermecător
cuceritor încântător
fascinant încântător
fermecător încântător
nebunesc nesăbuit
nesăbuit nebunesc
articulat clar
posac întunecat
posac sumbru
sumbru întunecat
blamabil condamnabil
blamabil criticabil
condamnabil criticabil
criticabil condamnabil
nelegiuit ticălos
netrebnic ticălos
nelegiuit netrebnic
netrebnic nelegiuit
grandilocvent înalt
decis dârz
decis ferm
decis neclintit
dârz decis
dârz ferm
dârz hotărât
dârz neclintit
ferm hotărât
ferm neclintit
hotărât neclintit
culpabil reprobabil
blamabil culpabil
culpabil condamnabil
blamabil reprobabil
condamnabil culpabil
deschis disponibil
disponibil deschis
jenat stingherit
stingherit stânjenit
stânjenit stingherit
calm tăcut
nechibzuit necugetat
nechibzuit nesocotit
necugetat nechibzuit
necugetat nesocotit
nesocotit nechibzuit
nesocotit necugetat
impresionant spectaculos
frapant impresionant
impresionant izbitor
izbitor impresionant
neobosit zelos
neobosit sârguitor
neobosit sârguincios
sârguitor zelos
sârguincios zelos
gratuit inutil
inutil necerut
gratuit necerut
clar perceptiv
mușcător tăios
mușcător înțepător
tăios înțepător
bădăran grosolan
bădăran mitocan
bădăran mojic
bădăran țăran
grosolan mitocan
grosolan mojic
grosolan țăran
mitocan mojic
mitocan țăran
mojic mitocan
mojic țăran
agitat febril
negru întunecat
groaznic negru
mohorât negru
negru sumbru
groaznic întunecat
mohorât întunecat
groaznic mohorât
groaznic sumbru
efemer temporar
efemer trecător
efemer vremelnic
temporar trecător
temporar vremelnic
trecător temporar
trecător vremelnic
albit cărunt
alb cărunt
comun simplu
comun obișnuit
obișnuit simplu
instabil nestabil
nedeslușit vag
nedeslușit obscur
neclar obscur
nechibzuit nesăbuit
nechibzuit pripit
necugetat pripit
nesăbuit nechibzuit
nesăbuit pripit
alb încărunțit
cărunt încărunțit
albit încărunțit
elementar esențial
esențial elementar
de esențial
bază esențial
excepțional special
deosebit excepțional
ridicol stupid
leneș mocăit
acut adânc
acut intens
acut profund
acut puternic
adânc acut
adânc ascuțit
adânc intens
adânc pătrunzător
adânc puternic
ascuțit adânc
ascuțit intens
ascuțit profund
ascuțit puternic
intens pătrunzător
intens profund
pătrunzător profund
pătrunzător puternic
profund pătrunzător
profund puternic
puternic pătrunzător
puternic profund
implacabil persistent
implacabil stăruitor
mic scund
pitic scund
confuz tulburat
evident limpede
complet desăvârșit
etic moral
indiscret palavragiu
indiscret vorbăreț
palavragiu vorbăreț
continuu etern
continuu necontenit
continuu necurmat
continuu neîncetat
continuu neîntrerupt
continuu nesfârșit
continuu permanent
continuu perpetuu
continuu veșnic
etern necontenit
etern necurmat
etern neîncetat
etern neîntrerupt
etern nesfârșit
etern permanent
etern perpetuu
necontenit necurmat
necontenit neîncetat
necontenit neîntrerupt
necontenit nesfârșit
necontenit permanent
necontenit perpetuu
necontenit veșnic
necurmat necontenit
necurmat neîncetat
necurmat neîntrerupt
necurmat nesfârșit
necurmat permanent
necurmat perpetuu
necurmat veșnic
neîncetat necontenit
neîncetat necurmat
neîncetat neîntrerupt
neîncetat nesfârșit
neîncetat permanent
neîncetat perpetuu
neîncetat veșnic
neîntrerupt necontenit
neîntrerupt necurmat
neîntrerupt neîncetat
neîntrerupt nesfârșit
neîntrerupt permanent
neîntrerupt perpetuu
neîntrerupt veșnic
nesfârșit necontenit
nesfârșit necurmat
nesfârșit neîncetat
nesfârșit neîntrerupt
nesfârșit permanent
nesfârșit perpetuu
nesfârșit veșnic
permanent perpetuu
permanent veșnic
perpetuu permanent
perpetuu veșnic
corect onest
bun salutar
amenințător greu
impulsiv impetuos
impetuos impulsiv
rămuros ramificat
ramificat rămuros
automat mecanic
folositor util
dezordonat neglijent
neloial necurat
neloial nesportiv
murdar neloial
necurat neloial
necurat nesportiv
nesportiv neloial
nesportiv necurat
murdar nesportiv
direct fățiș
direct franc
direct sincer
fățiș franc
fățiș sincer
franc fățiș
anormal nefiresc
anormal neobișnuit
nefiresc neobișnuit
neobișnuit nefiresc
ingenuu inocent
inocent ingenuu
excepțional prodigios
putativ presupus
putativ prezumtiv
presupus putativ
presupus prezumtiv
prezumtiv putativ
prezumtiv presupus
angelic îngeresc
inadmisibil intolerabil
inadmisibil neadmisibil
intolerabil inadmisibil
intolerabil neadmisibil
ascultător plecat
ascultător smerit
docil plecat
docil smerit
plecat supus
plecat smerit
supus smerit
smerit supus
liniștit netulburat
liniștit tihnit
netulburat tihnit
ipotetic presupus
ipotetic prezumtiv
drag iubit
drag îndrăgit
drag scump
iubit îndrăgit
iubit scump
scump îndrăgit
favorabil propice
favorabil oportun
de favorabil
bun favorabil
augur favorabil
oportun propice
de propice
bun propice
augur propice
oportun prielnic
de oportun
bun oportun
augur oportun
de prielnic
bun prielnic
augur prielnic
augur bun
puternic potent
potent puternic
curat nepătat
curat respectabil
nepătat respectabil
prețios rar
prețios scump
rar scump
anonim necunoscut
anonim neidentificat
necunoscut neidentificat
neidentificat necunoscut
calm stăpânit
calm sigur
calm pe
calm sine
stăpânit sigur
pe stăpânit
stăpânit sine
sigur stăpânit
pe sigur
pe sine
sine stăpânit
mâncat ros
malițios răutăcios
contestabil discutabil
contestabil incert
contestabil îndoielnic
discutabil incert
discutabil îndoielnic
incert îndoielnic
deplin desăvârșit
desăvârșit deplin
bărbătesc masculin
bărbătesc viril
masculin viril
elastic mlădios
elastic suplu
flexibil mlădios
flexibil suplu
mlădios suplu
complet integral
deplin integral
integral total
doritor dispus
dispus doritor
debil slăbit
decrepit slăbit
debil decrepit
decrepit debil
monoton plat
monoton uniform
plat uniform
liliput pitic
liliput micuț
liliputan pitic
liliputan micuț
micuț pitic
expandabil expansibil
expansibil expandabil
amețit buimac
amețit buimăcit
amețit năuc
amețit năucit
amețit tâmpit
buimac buimăcit
buimac năuc
buimac năucit
buimac tâmpit
buimac zăpăcit
buimăcit buimac
buimăcit năuc
buimăcit năucit
buimăcit tâmpit
buimăcit zăpăcit
năuc tâmpit
năuc zăpăcit
năucit tâmpit
năucit zăpăcit
tâmpit zăpăcit
imobil static
fix static
nemișcat static
erodat ros
meticulos minuțios
meticulos riguros
minuțios meticulos
minuțios riguros
minuțios pedant
pedant riguros
fluid instabil
fluid schimbător
primitiv rudimentar
coleric impulsiv
coleric temperamental
coleric irascibil
coleric iute
impulsiv temperamental
impulsiv irascibil
impulsiv iute
irascibil temperamental
iute temperamental
irascibil impulsiv
irascibil iute
iute impulsiv
iute irascibil
deferent respectuos
cuviincios deferent
cuviincios respectuos
ciudat nefiresc
cuprinzător vast
cuprinzător larg
cuprinzător extins
cuprinzător sporit
extins vast
sporit vast
atotcuprinzător vast
extins larg
larg sporit
atotcuprinzător larg
extins sporit
atotcuprinzător extins
atotcuprinzător sporit
jucăuș neastâmpărat
derutat groggy
groggy zăpăcit
buimac groggy
buimăcit groggy
groggy năuc
derutat zăpăcit
buimac derutat
buimăcit derutat
derutat năuc
închipuit încrezut
închipuit înfumurat
încrezut închipuit
încrezut înfumurat
înfumurat închipuit
înfumurat încrezut
apt în
apt stare
ferchezuit fercheș
fercheș ferchezuit
desăvârșit impecabil
desăvârșit ireproșabil
desăvârșit perfect
impecabil ireproșabil
impecabil perfect
ireproșabil impecabil
ireproșabil perfect
aranjat dichisit
aranjat fercheș
aranjat ferchezuit
aranjat gătit
aranjat spilcuit
dichisit fercheș
dichisit ferchezuit
dichisit gătit
dichisit spilcuit
fercheș gătit
fercheș spilcuit
ferchezuit gătit
ferchezuit spilcuit
gătit spilcuit
amator doritor
amator dornic
doritor dornic
dornic doritor
indiferent nesimțitor
indiferent impasibil
nepăsător nesimțitor
impasibil nepăsător
nesimțitor nepăsător
impasibil nesimțitor
impasibil indiferent
despotic dictatorial
despotic tiranic
autoritar despotic
autocrat despotic
dictatorial despotic
dictatorial tiranic
autoritar dictatorial
autocrat dictatorial
autoritar tiranic
autocrat tiranic
autoritar autocrat
autocrat autoritar
dezordonat haotic
comun standard
comun stereotip
standard stereotip
obișnuit standard
stereotip standard
obișnuit stereotip
aventuros îndrăzneț
absorbit cufundat
cufundat captivat
cufundat subjugat
absorbit captivat
absorbit subjugat
captivat cufundat
captivat subjugat
echilibrat egal
echilibrat monoton
egal echilibrat
egal monoton
implorator rugător
animalic bestial
obișnuit ordinar
normal obișnuit
ordinar obișnuit
normal ordinar
nepăsător surd
impasibil surd
decisiv determinant
determinant decisiv
adus aplecat
adus cocârjat
adus cocoșat
adus încovoiat
aplecat adus
aplecat cocârjat
aplecat cocoșat
aplecat încovoiat
cocârjat cocoșat
cocârjat încovoiat
cocoșat cocârjat
cocoșat încovoiat
fixat rigid
fixat țeapăn
fix rigid
fix țeapăn
rigid țeapăn
mlădios zvelt
pliabil pliant
pliant pliabil
clandestin necinstit
necinstit necurat
clandestin necurat
necurat necinstit
frământat neliniștit
agitat neliniștit
frământat neastâmpărat
agitat neastâmpărat
jovial vesel
jovial voios
prevestitor profetic
prevestitor prezicător
profetic prevestitor
profetic prezicător
prezicător prevestitor
prezicător profetic
cumplit temut
cumplit de
groaznic temut
de groaznic
temut îngrozitor
de îngrozitor
temut înfricoșător
de înfricoșător
de temut
accidentat denivelat
accidentat neregulat
denivelat neregulat
neigienic nesănătos
nesănătos neigienic
aplecat înclinat
aplecat oblic
aplecat pieziș
aplecat povârnit
aplecat diagonal
oblic înclinat
pieziș înclinat
plecat înclinat
povârnit înclinat
diagonal înclinat
oblic pieziș
oblic plecat
oblic povârnit
diagonal oblic
pieziș plecat
pieziș povârnit
diagonal pieziș
plecat pieziș
plecat povârnit
diagonal plecat
povârnit pieziș
povârnit plecat
diagonal povârnit
sibilinic sibilic
cabalistic sibilinic
sibilin sibilic
cabalistic sibilin
sibilic sibilinic
sibilic sibilin
cabalistic sibilic
consternat crucit
consternat minunat
consternat stupefiat
consternat surprins
consternat uimit
consternat uluit
crucit consternat
crucit minunat
crucit stupefiat
crucit surprins
crucit uimit
crucit uluit
minunat stupefiat
minunat surprins
minunat uimit
minunat uluit
stupefiat surprins
stupefiat uimit
stupefiat uluit
surprins stupefiat
surprins uimit
surprins uluit
uimit uluit
uluit uimit
corupt decăzut
corupt depravat
corupt desfrânat
corupt destrăbălat
corupt nerușinat
corupt vicios
decăzut depravat
decăzut desfrânat
decăzut destrăbălat
decăzut nerușinat
decăzut stricat
decăzut vicios
depravat decăzut
depravat nerușinat
depravat stricat
depravat vicios
desfrânat decăzut
desfrânat nerușinat
desfrânat stricat
desfrânat vicios
destrăbălat decăzut
destrăbălat nerușinat
destrăbălat stricat
destrăbălat vicios
nerușinat stricat
nerușinat vicios
stricat vicios
prietenesc prietenos
prietenesc tovărășesc
prietenos prietenesc
prietenos tovărășesc
bleg moale
bleg molatic
bleg molâu
bleg mototol
moale molâu
moale mototol
molatic molâu
molatic mototol
molâu moale
molâu molatic
molâu mototol
mototol moale
mototol molatic
mototol molâu
incorect necinstit
incorect necorect
incorect neonest
necinstit necorect
necinstit neonest
necorect necinstit
necorect neonest
neonest necinstit
neonest necorect
calm cumpănit
cumpănit stăpânit
liniștit stăpânit
cumpănit calm
cumpănit liniștit
neîmpodobit simplu
adormit inert
inert moale
inert molâu
bleg inert
inert mototol
adormit moale
adormit molâu
adormit bleg
adormit mototol
continuu fără
continuu sfârșit
etern fără
etern sfârșit
fără necontenit
necontenit sfârșit
fără necurmat
necurmat sfârșit
fără neîncetat
neîncetat sfârșit
fără neîntrerupt
neîntrerupt sfârșit
fără nesfârșit
fără permanent
permanent sfârșit
fără perpetuu
perpetuu sfârșit
fără veșnic
sfârșit veșnic
fără sfârșit
bine vesel
dispus vesel
bine voios
dispus voios
sănătos salutar
sănătos salubru
salutar sănătos
salutar salubru
salubru sănătos
salubru salutar
pus punct
modă pus
punct pus
modă punct
inefabil inexprimabil
inexprimabil inefabil
superficial trivial
arătos chipeș
clănțău guraliv
clănțău limbut
clănțău palavragiu
clănțău vorbăreț
guraliv limbut
guraliv palavragiu
guraliv vorbăreț
limbut palavragiu
limbut vorbăreț
clănțău flecar
clănțău vorbă-lungă
flecar guraliv
flecar limbut
flecar palavragiu
flecar vorbăreț
flecar vorbă-lungă
guraliv vorbă-lungă
limbut vorbă-lungă
palavragiu vorbă-lungă
vorbăreț vorbă-lungă
vorbă-lungă vorbăreț
costeliv jigărit
costeliv pipernicit
costeliv pirpiriu
costeliv prăpădit
costeliv prizărit
costeliv răpciugos
costeliv sfrijit
costeliv slăbănog
costeliv uscat
costeliv uscățiv
costeliv scheletic
costeliv famelic
jigărit pipernicit
jigărit pirpiriu
jigărit prăpădit
jigărit prizărit
jigărit răpciugos
jigărit sfrijit
jigărit slăbănog
jigărit uscat
jigărit uscățiv
jigărit scheletic
famelic jigărit
pipernicit pirpiriu
pipernicit prăpădit
pipernicit prizărit
pipernicit răpciugos
pipernicit sfrijit
pipernicit slăbănog
pipernicit uscat
pipernicit uscățiv
pipernicit scheletic
famelic pipernicit
pirpiriu pipernicit
pirpiriu prăpădit
pirpiriu prizărit
pirpiriu răpciugos
pirpiriu sfrijit
pirpiriu slăbănog
pirpiriu uscat
pirpiriu uscățiv
pirpiriu scheletic
famelic pirpiriu
prăpădit pipernicit
prăpădit pirpiriu
prăpădit prizărit
prăpădit răpciugos
prăpădit sfrijit
prăpădit slăbănog
prăpădit uscat
prăpădit uscățiv
prăpădit scheletic
famelic prăpădit
prizărit pipernicit
prizărit pirpiriu
prizărit prăpădit
prizărit răpciugos
prizărit sfrijit
prizărit slăbănog
prizărit uscat
prizărit uscățiv
prizărit scheletic
famelic prizărit
răpciugos sfrijit
răpciugos slăbănog
răpciugos uscat
răpciugos uscățiv
răpciugos scheletic
famelic răpciugos
sfrijit slăbănog
sfrijit uscat
sfrijit uscățiv
sfrijit scheletic
famelic sfrijit
slăbănog sfrijit
slăbănog uscat
slăbănog uscățiv
slăbănog scheletic
famelic slăbănog
uscat uscățiv
scheletic uscat
famelic uscat
uscățiv uscat
scheletic uscățiv
famelic uscățiv
scheletic sfrijit
scheletic slăbănog
famelic scheletic
apatic nepăsător
jubilant triumfător
exultant jubilant
exultant triumfător
angelic serafimic
serafic îngeresc
serafic serafimic
serafimic îngeresc
serafimic serafic
concomitent simultan
concomitent sincron
concomitent sincronic
simultan sincron
simultan sincronic
sincron simultan
sincronic simultan
îngâmfat închipuit
îngâmfat înfumurat
umflat îngâmfat
pene îngâmfat
umflat încrezut
pene încrezut
fudul închipuit
fudul înfumurat
fudul umflat
fudul în
fudul pene
închipuit îngâmfat
infatuat închipuit
umflat închipuit
pene închipuit
înfumurat îngâmfat
infatuat înfumurat
umflat înfumurat
pene înfumurat
infatuat umflat
infatuat în
infatuat pene
umflat în
pene umflat
pene în
feroce sângeros
feroce furios
feroce sălbatic
furios sângeros
furios feroce
furios sălbatic
devastat jefuit
devastat prădat
devastat ruinat
devastat pustiit
jefuit prădat
jefuit ruinat
jefuit pustiit
prădat ruinat
prădat pustiit
pustiit ruinat
pustiit prădat
meticulos migălos
minuțios migălos
migălos meticulos
migălos minuțios
excitat surescitat
deslușit precis
lămurit precis
limpede precis
absolut desăvârșit
desăvârșit total
absolut perfect
deplin perfect
complet perfect
perfect total
absolut deplin
absolut complet
absolut total
abominabil dezgustător
abominabil execrabil
abominabil odios
dezgustător execrabil
dezgustător odios
execrabil odios
dușmănos ostil
dușmănos vrăjmaș
fudul megaloman
fudul mândru
fudul trufaș
infatuat megaloman
infatuat mândru
infatuat trufaș
megaloman încrezut
mândru încrezut
trufaș încrezut
megaloman înfumurat
mândru înfumurat
trufaș înfumurat
înfumurat țanțoș
megaloman îngâmfat
mândru îngâmfat
trufaș îngâmfat
megaloman mândru
megaloman trufaș
megaloman țanțoș
mândru megaloman
mândru trufaș
mândru țanțoș
trufaș țanțoș
închis înnegurat
mohorât închis
plumburiu închis
posomorât închis
urât închis
înnegurat închis
mohorât înnegurat
plumburiu înnegurat
posomorât înnegurat
urât înnegurat
mohorât plumburiu
mohorât posomorât
mohorât urât
plumburiu posomorât
plumburiu urât
posomorât plumburiu
posomorât urât
adecvat nimerit
corespunzător potrivit
corespunzător nimerit
acvilin coroiat
amalgamat unit
remarcabil singular
ceresc divin
ceresc dumnezeiesc
descurajant descurajator
descurajator descurajant
efectiv eficace
efectiv eficient
eficace efectiv
eficace eficient
eficient efectiv
eficient eficace
aplecat lăsat
lăsat înclinat
lăsat plecat
lubric libidinos
libidinos lubric
detestabil respingător
detestabil repulsiv
respingător repulsiv
repulsiv respingător
absorbit preocupat
absorbit căzut
absorbit pe
absorbit gânduri
căzut preocupat
preocupat pe
gânduri preocupat
căzut pe
căzut gânduri
pe preocupat
gânduri pe
demoralizant demoralizator
demoralizator demoralizant
mâhnit nefericit
mâhnit nenorocit
cuprinzător încăpător
cuprinzător mare
cuprinzător spațios
larg încăpător
mare încăpător
spațios încăpător
mare spațios
adevărat sincer
crucit perplex
consternat perplex
perplex stupefiat
bun drăguț
binevoitor drăguț
amabil drăguț
bun binevoitor
amabil bun
binevoitor bun
amabil binevoitor
macabru înfiorător
macabru îngrozitor
corect incoruptibil
corect integru
corect leal
incoruptibil integru
incoruptibil leal
integru incoruptibil
integru leal
implicit neexplicit
inerent implicit
implicit inerent
brav curajos
brav neînfricat
brav viteaz
curajos neînfricat
neînfricat viteaz
noros înnorat
insalubru nesănătos
închis înnorat
închis întunecat
noros închis
înnorat închis
înnorat întunecat
plumburiu înnorat
întunecat închis
întunecat înnorat
noros întunecat
plumburiu întunecat
noros plumburiu
aparte deosebit
aparte singular
aparte special
aparte excepțional
deosebit singular
singular special
excepțional singular
special singular
rezonant răsunător
răsunător rezonant
nepriceput necalificat
necalificat nepriceput
captivat cucerit
captivat răpit
captivat extatic
captivat încântat
cucerit captivat
cucerit răpit
cucerit extatic
cucerit încântat
extatic răpit
răpit încântat
extatic încântat
inacceptabil inadmisibil
inacceptabil nepermis
inacceptabil neîngăduit
inadmisibil inacceptabil
inadmisibil nepermis
inadmisibil neîngăduit
colosal prodigios
devastat distrus
distrus devastat
mizerabil nenorocit
cu nasul
cu sus
nasul pe
nasul sus
pe sus
perplex surprins
perplex uimit
perplex uluit
fără șters
strălucire șters
fără strălucire
ineficient neeficient
ineficace ineficient
ineficient ineficace
demoralizant deprimant
demoralizant descurajant
demoralizant descurajator
demoralizator deprimant
demoralizator descurajant
demoralizator descurajator
deprimant demoralizant
deprimant demoralizator
deprimant descurajant
deprimant descurajator
descurajant demoralizant
descurajant demoralizator
descurajant deprimant
descurajator demoralizant
descurajator demoralizator
descurajator deprimant
lipsit privat
adânc intim
adânc lăuntric
intim lăuntric
schimbabil schimbător
schimbător schimbabil
banal comun
banal ordinar
comun ordinar
profetic sibilinic
profetic sibilic
curios uimitor
curios uluitor
ciudat paradoxal
curios paradoxal
inexplicabil paradoxal
paradoxal straniu
