reduce restrânge
restrânge reduce
cunoaște ști
cotropi încălca
năpădi încălca
cotropi invada
cotropi năpădi
trece traversa
trăi ține
viețui ține
trăi viețui
dobândi face
referi raporta
referi viza
opune împotrivi
hărăzi meni
concede ceda
batjocori disprețui
instrui învăța
umili înjosi
închide încuia
amănunți detalia
amănunți dezvolta
risipi împrăștia
contraface falsifica
scârțâi zgâria
reține împiedica
străbate traversa
trage trasa
întinde alungi
întinde lungi
întinde prelungi
alungi întinde
alungi prelungi
lungi întinde
prelungi întinde
prelungi alungi
arde mistui
mistui arde
jeli plânge
arde cauteriza
îndrept corecta
îndrept corija
îndrept rectifica
corect îndrepta
corect corija
corect rectifica
rectific îndrepta
rectific corecta
rectific corija
dezbate delibera
lipi încleia
ciupi pișca
rupe sfâșia
rupe spinteca
mirosi simți
avânt arunca
avânt azvârli
avânt repezi
sări arunca
sări azvârli
sări repezi
arunc azvârli
arunc repezi
azvârli arunca
azvârli repezi
repezi arunca
repezi azvârli
clipoci murmura
clipoci susura
bate pulsa
fierbe agita
agit fâțâi
agit foi
agit frământa
fâțâi agita
fâțâi foi
fâțâi frământa
foi agita
foi fâțâi
foi frământa
frământ agita
frământ fâțâi
frământ foi
împiedic împletici
împiedic clătina
împletici împiedica
împletici clătina
intersect încrucișa
zgâi holba
înclin apleca
înclin lăsa
aplec înclina
aplec lăsa
lăs înclina
lăs apleca
făli împăuna
îndeplini presta
face presta
îndeplini efectua
îndeplini executa
îndeplini face
face îndeplini
face efectua
face executa
educ cultiva
educ instrui
cultiv instrui
instrui cultiva
întinde extinde
extinde întinde
dovedi vădi
vădi dovedi
desface desprinde
desprinde desface
pluti plana
pluti zbura
gâtui strangula
gâtui sugruma
bârfi blama
bârfi cleveti
bârfi ponegri
blam bârfi
blam cleveti
blam ponegri
cleveti bârfi
cleveti blama
cleveti ponegri
ponegri bârfi
ponegri blama
ponegri cleveti
dormi odihni
agăț atârna
agăț prinde
agăț spânzura
agăț suspenda
atârn agăța
atârn prinde
atârn spânzura
atârn suspenda
prinde agăța
prinde atârna
prinde spânzura
prinde suspenda
spânzur agăța
spânzur atârna
spânzur prinde
spânzur suspenda
suspend agăța
suspend atârna
suspend prinde
suspend spânzura
răci răcori
răcori răci
colcăi forfoti
colcăi furnica
colcăi mișuna
colcăi roi
colcăi foi
forfoti furnica
forfoti mișuna
forfoti roi
forfoti foi
furnic foi
roi foi
declar proclama
proclam declara
închin consacra
închin dărui
închin dedica
închin devota
consacr închina
consacr dărui
consacr dedica
consacr devota
dărui închina
dărui consacra
dărui dedica
dărui devota
dedic închina
dedic consacra
dedic dărui
dedic devota
devot închina
devot consacra
devot dărui
devot dedica
cutremur clătina
cutremur scutura
cutremur zdruncina
cutremur zgâlțâi
cutremur zgudui
scutur clătina
scutur cutremura
scutur zdruncina
scutur zgâlțâi
scutur zgudui
zdruncin clătina
zdruncin cutremura
zdruncin scutura
zdruncin zgâlțâi
zdruncin zgudui
zgâlțâi clătina
zgâlțâi cutremura
zgâlțâi scutura
zgâlțâi zdruncina
zgâlțâi zgudui
zgudui clătina
zgudui cutremura
zgudui scutura
zgudui zdruncina
zgudui zgâlțâi
decolor spălăci
spălăci decolora
drege repara
corupe deprava
corupe desfrâna
corupe destrăbăla
corupe perverti
corupe strica
corupe vicia
perverti corupe
perverti deprava
perverti desfrâna
perverti destrăbăla
perverti strica
perverti vicia
stric corupe
stric deprava
stric desfrâna
stric destrăbăla
stric perverti
stric vicia
vici corupe
vici deprava
vici desfrâna
vici destrăbăla
vici perverti
vici strica
juli jupui
juli zdreli
juli zgâria
jupui juli
jupui zdreli
jupui zgâria
zdreli zgâria
tălmăci traduce
traduce tălmăci
mărturisi spovedi
spovedi mărturisi
supune subordona
îmboldi împunge
împunge îmboldi
boi farda
boi machia
strânge întâlni
opri reține
opri tăia
popri reține
popri tăia
reține tăia
transmite transfera
bază început
introductiv început
bază introductiv
constrânge forța
constrânge obliga
izbândi reuși
întinde ține
extrage scoate
ajunge cumpăra
chefui petrece
acoperi complini
aruncare lansare
azvârlire lansare
aruncare azvârlire
azvârlire aruncare
dori ura
grimasă schimonoseală
grimasă schimonosire
grimasă schimonositură
grimasă strâmbătură
schimonoseală schimonosire
schimonoseală schimonositură
schimonoseală strâmbătură
schimonosire schimonoseală
schimonosire schimonositură
schimonosire strâmbătură
schimonositură schimonoseală
schimonositură schimonosire
schimonositură strâmbătură
strâmbătură schimonoseală
strâmbătură schimonosire
strâmbătură schimonositură
întâlni întâmpina
sorbi suge
suge sorbi
bufni izbucni
bufni pufni
izbucni pufni
paște pășuna
înșirui înșira
descompunere putrefacție
descompunere putrezire
putrefacție putrezire
putrezire putrefacție
unificare unire
reunire unificare
adunare unificare
unire unificare
adunare unire
adunare reunire
borî vărsa
borî voma
borî vomita
încâlci încurca
plânge văita
măcelări tăia
măcelări sacrifica
grindină piatră
grefă transplant
lecui însănătoși
lecui tămădui
tămădui însănătoși
influență înrâurire
influență persuasiune
persuasiune înrâurire
descântec farmec
descântec magie
descântec vrajă
farmec magie
farmec vrajă
magie vrajă
distrage sustrage
prăbuși ruina
nărui prăbuși
nărui ruina
îmboldi îmbrânci
îmboldi împinge
îmboldi înghionti
îmboldi ghionti
îmbrânci îmboldi
îmbrânci împinge
îmbrânci înghionti
îmbrânci ghionti
împinge îmboldi
împinge îmbrânci
împinge înghionti
împinge ghionti
înghionti îmboldi
înghionti îmbrânci
înghionti împinge
ghionti îmboldi
ghionti îmbrânci
ghionti împinge
răscoli răvăși
răvăși răscoli
servi sluji
sluji servi
aprinde deschide
îmbib impregna
acoperi înfășura
acoperi înveli
înveli acoperi
înveli înfășura
însufleți anima
însufleți înviora
însufleți înveseli
învior însufleți
topi lichefia
înroși îmbujora
înroși împurpura
înroși rumeni
roși îmbujora
roși împurpura
roși rumeni
rumeni îmbujora
rumeni împurpura
rumeni înroși
rumeni roși
ruin dărăpăna
ruin degrada
ruin nărui
ruin surpa
degrad dărăpăna
degrad ruina
degrad nărui
degrad surpa
nărui dărăpăna
nărui degrada
nărui surpa
surp dărăpăna
surp ruina
surp degrada
surp nărui
păstr conserva
conserv păstra
aspri înăspri
despărți desface
desface despărți
liniști cuminți
liniști maturiza
cuminți liniști
cuminți maturiza
subdivide subdiviza
subdivide subîmpărți
subîmpărți subdiviza
descompune putrezi
mirui unge
dobândi lua
desprinde separa
desprinde detașa
desface separa
desface detașa
separ desprinde
separ desface
separ detașa
alini încadra
alini integra
încadr alinia
încadr integra
integr alinia
integr încadra
arde încălzi
arde dogori
dogori încălzi
propune recomanda
surâde zâmbi
mări crește
propovădui predica
coborî scădea
consfinți confirma
consfinți consacra
consfinți întări
consfinți sancționa
chicoti râde
deprinde instrui
deprinde învăța
diagnostic diagnoză
diagnoză diagnostic
face lustrui
chinui durea
chinui ține
pipăi palpa
premerge preceda
disjunge disocia
deznădăjdui despera
furiș strecura
strecur furișa
năpusti năvăli
năpusti tăbărî
năvăli năpusti
năvăli tăbărî
scăde împuțina
scăde reduce
reduce împuțina
consfătui consulta
consult consfătui
consult sfătui
sfătui consulta
scurge trece
batjocori ridiculiza
batjocori zeflemisi
căi regreta
întunec înnegura
întunec înnora
pregăti prepara
prepar pregăti
adânci afunda
adânci cufunda
afund adânci
afund cufunda
cufund adânci
cufund afunda
întinde răspândi
extinde răspândi
răspândi întinde
răspândi extinde
reface revigora
aranj dichisi
aranj găti
aranj împodobi
dichisi aranja
dichisi găti
dichisi împodobi
găti aranja
găti dichisi
găti împodobi
împodobi aranja
împodobi dichisi
împodobi găti
burduși coji
burduși scoroji
coji burduși
coji scoroji
scoroji burduși
scoroji coji
ofili veșteji
ofili trece
veșteji ofili
veșteji trece
trece ofili
trece veșteji
închide înnora
infect contagia
infect contamina
infect molipsi
molipsi contagia
molipsi contamina
molipsi infecta
aprinde înflăcăra
aprinde stârni
stârni înflăcăra
înălț ridica
ridic înălța
distinge evidenția
evidenți distinge
consum epuiza
consum isprăvi
consum sfârși
consum termina
epuiz consuma
epuiz isprăvi
epuiz sfârși
epuiz termina
isprăvi consuma
isprăvi epuiza
isprăvi sfârși
isprăvi termina
sfârși consuma
sfârși epuiza
sfârși isprăvi
sfârși termina
termin consuma
termin epuiza
termin isprăvi
termin sfârși
înduplec lăsa
lăs îndupleca
dilat umfla
umfl dilata
dezveli dezvălui
dezvălui dezveli
antren pregăti
pregăti antrena
încălzi încinge
încălzi înfierbânta
încinge încălzi
încinge înfierbânta
înfierbânt încălzi
înfierbânt încinge
coborî da
deschide descuia
dezleg deznoda
dezleg desface
deznod dezlega
deznod desface
desface dezlega
desface deznoda
îmbogăți înavuți
înavuți îmbogăți
trece îmbătrâni
veșteji îmbătrâni
aduce prezenta
interpret juca
juc interpreta
asemăn compara
compar asemăna
include face
descoperi dezbrăca
schimb modifica
modific schimba
veni apropia
spăl curăța
curăț spăla
îngrijor neliniști
îngrijor teme
neliniști îngrijora
neliniști teme
teme îngrijora
teme neliniști
auzi înțelege
auzi pricepe
pricepe înțelege
mâzgăli mânji
mânji mâzgăli
crește dezvolta
opri staționa
răsări ivi
aduce trage
aduce concentra
duce trage
întinde lăți
extinde lăți
lăți întinde
lăți extinde
merge întinde
întâmpl petrece
întâmpl produce
surveni întâmpla
petrece întâmpla
petrece produce
surveni petrece
produce întâmpla
produce petrece
surveni produce
debut deschide
deschide începe
pieri pierde
pierde prăpădi
pieri prăpădi
prăpădi pierde
conduce mâna
acoperi cuprinde
obosi osteni
osteni obosi
respinge refuza
spune susține
susține spune
conduce șofa
aduce lua
prăznui sărbători
prăznui serba
prăznui ține
cinsti prăznui
sărbători serba
sărbători ține
cinsti sărbători
cinsti serba
cinsti ține
umezi înmuia
umezi umecta
crește cultiva
crește produce
cunoaște identifica
scăp debarasa
descotorosi debarasa
scăp descotorosi
uni îmbina
întâlni îmbina
uni întâlni
sparge sfărâma
găsi părea
găsi plăcea
găsi privi
privi părea
privi plăcea
închipui înfățișa
domoli ușura
domoli potoli
domoli ostoi
domoli micșora
domoli îmblânzi
domoli tempera
potoli ușura
ostoi ușura
ostoi potoli
potoli îmblânzi
potoli tempera
ostoi îmblânzi
ostoi tempera
destăinui confesa
destăinui spovedi
spovedi destăinui
spovedi confesa
supune umili
umili supune
adânci scufunda
scufund adânci
scufund cufunda
zbici zvânta
liniști potoli
despărți împrăștia
răspândi împrăștia
despărți răspândi
despărți risipi
despărți separa
răspândi risipi
răspândi separa
risipi răspândi
risipi separa
dori vrea
aduce face
cere pretinde
pătrunde pricepe
pricepe pătrunde
ispiti seduce
mărturisi relata
mărturisi spune
mărturisi zice
spune zice
aminti pomeni
fi trăi
fi viețui
învăț deprinde
învăț familiariza
învăț obișnui
deprinde familiariza
deprinde obișnui
obișnui învăța
obișnui deprinde
obișnui familiariza
aventur hazarda
hazard aventura
alipi atașa
scârțâi trosni
uni împreuna
particip implica
fugi scăpa
separ despărți
ced pleca
ced supune
ced închina
plec supune
plec închina
supune pleca
supune închina
închin pleca
închin supune
înlănțui încătușa
obișnui sevi
încurc deruta
încurc dezorienta
încurc zăpăci
zăpăci deruta
zăpăci dezorienta
zăpăci încurca
alege selecționa
alege selecta
alege lua
transmite trimite
trimite transmite
cert ciondăni
cert sfădi
ciondăni certa
ciondăni sfădi
sfădi certa
sfădi ciondăni
fi face
face fi
desface întinde
desface desfășura
omite sări
pătimi suferi
pătimi îndura
suferi îndura
plăti recompensa
opri împiedica
menține împiedica
menține opri
calm domoli
calm liniști
calm potoli
calm tempera
domoli calma
domoli liniști
liniști calma
liniști domoli
liniști tempera
potoli calma
potoli domoli
potoli liniști
temper calma
temper domoli
temper liniști
temper potoli
șopti șușoti
șușoti șopti
circul împrăștia
circul întinde
circul difuza
circul duce
circul lăți
circul propaga
circul răspândi
circul transmite
întinde împrăștia
întinde difuza
întinde duce
întinde propaga
întinde transmite
difuz împrăștia
difuz întinde
difuz duce
difuz lăți
difuz propaga
difuz răspândi
difuz transmite
duce împrăștia
duce întinde
duce difuza
duce lăți
duce propaga
duce răspândi
duce transmite
lăți împrăștia
lăți difuza
lăți duce
lăți propaga
lăți răspândi
lăți transmite
propag împrăștia
propag întinde
propag difuza
propag duce
propag lăți
propag răspândi
propag transmite
răspândi difuza
răspândi duce
răspândi lăți
răspândi propaga
răspândi transmite
transmite împrăștia
transmite întinde
transmite difuza
transmite duce
transmite lăți
transmite propaga
transmite răspândi
bate fâlfâi
bate flutura
fâlfâi flutura
scoate împinge
bate palpita
bate ticăi
bate tresări
bate zvâcni
zbate palpita
ticăi tresări
zbate ticăi
ticăi zvâcni
tresări ticăi
zbate tresări
tresări zvâcni
zbate zvâcni
strânge comprima
constitui forma
cere întreba
alter strica
stric altera
rămâne sta
atinge întâlni
dobândi obține
dobândi procura
obține procura
arde lumina
arde radia
fugi vâna
dibui găsi
dibui regăsi
așterne așeza
așterne întinde
așterne pune
așterne picta
pune întinde
pune picta
pretinde simula
pretinde preface
preface simula
preface pretinde
tălmăci înțelege
tâlcui înțelege
tălmăci tâlcui
tâlcui tălmăci
spune vorbi
vorbi zice
cuprinde îngloba
include îngloba
cuprinde include
presupune specula
primejdui risca
admite accepta
admite include
admite primi
include primi
stârni suscita
izbi lovi
destinde relaxa
destinde deconecta
cinsti ospăta
cinsti servi
cinsti trata
servi trata
arde pârli
arde usca
pârli usca
grăbi alerga
grăbi fugi
descotorosi scăpa
preveni împiedica
permite îngădui
deosebi distinge
deosebi evidenția
deosebi remarca
deosebi singulariza
distinge deosebi
distinge remarca
distinge singulariza
desface împrăștia
desface răspândi
desface răzleți
desface risipi
răspândi desface
răspândi răzleți
răzleți împrăștia
răzleți desface
răzleți răspândi
răzleți risipi
răzleți separa
risipi desface
risipi răzleți
separ împrăștia
separ răspândi
separ răzleți
separ risipi
orândui ordona
dovedi demonstra
dovedi proba
plec duce
porni pleca
porni duce
propune sugera
descrește micșora
descrește reduce
descrește scădea
descrește împuțina
reduce scădea
pricepe realiza
pricepe vedea
transmite împărtăși
dispers împrăștia
dispers răsfira
dispers răspândi
răsfir împrăștia
răsfir dispersa
răsfir răspândi
răspândi dispersa
răspândi răsfira
duce merge
ademeni ispiti
ține adera
prinde adera
ține prinde
prinde ține
întrerupe înceta
opri înceta
întrerupe opri
opri întrerupe
mări înmulți
spori înmulți
mări spori
desprinde tăia
suferi suporta
manifest exterioriza
pretinde proclama
pretinde susține
adapt acomoda
ieși răsări
irit înfuria
irit enerva
irit mânia
irit supăra
mâni înfuria
mâni enerva
mâni irita
mâni supăra
supăr înfuria
supăr enerva
supăr irita
supăr mânia
dojeni mustra
îngust strâmta
îngust strânge
strâmt îngusta
strâmt strânge
strânge îngusta
strânge strâmta
înțelege ști
cunoaște înțelege
pricepe ști
cunoaște pricepe
substitui înlocui
emite transmite
distruge nimici
grăbi zori
desface descompune
desface dezmembra
descompune desface
descompune dezmembra
dezminți infirma
conduce direcționa
conduce dirija
scoate trage
acoperi ascunde
ascunde acoperi
dârdâi tremura
mirosi vedea
ademeni amăgi
ademeni aburi
ademeni fraieri
amăgi ademeni
amăgi aburi
amăgi fraieri
aburi ademeni
aburi amăgi
aburi fraieri
desluși lămuri
desluși limpezi
desluși elucida
lămuri limpezi
limpezi lămuri
prescrie recomanda
înrăutăți înăspri
percepe simți
căsăpi înlătura
căsăpi lichida
căsăpi termina
coji jupui
descoji jupui
potrivi concorda
corespunde concorda
potrivi corespunde
aduce asemăna
aduce asemui
aduce semăna
asemui aduce
asemui asemăna
asemui semăna
cinsti bea
aminti ști
preface schimba
preface transforma
face însemna
zăbovi întârzia
nădăjdui spera
stârni întărâta
frige prăji
potrivi regla
spune însemna
spune semnifica
extinde împrăștia
extinde lărgi
întinde lărgi
lărgi împrăștia
lărgi extinde
lărgi întinde
lărgi lăți
lăți lărgi
așterne depune
așterne lăsa
depune lăsa
admite îngădui
cheltui risipi
cheltui zvârli
risipi zvârli
dori năzui
descoperi găsi
învinui învinovăți
învinovăți învinui
merge armoniza
merge asorta
merge combina
merge potrivi
combin armoniza
combin asorta
combin potrivi
potrivi armoniza
potrivi asorta
potrivi combina
obține primi
porni începe
dobândi primi
primejdui periclita
atinge pomeni
mângâi îmbrățișa
afl găsi
afl regăsi
găsi afla
regăsi afla
vesti înștiința
opri stopa
sustrage scăpa
descotorosi dezbăra
atinge sugera
pierde rătăci
fâlfâi legăna
cere necesita
cere trebui
cere vrea
trebui vrea
atinge mătura
ajunge sosi
stabili înnoda
năuci stupefia
năuci uimi
năuci ului
uimi ului
ului uimi
preface metamorfoza
transform metamorfoza
transform preface
descoperi da
conclude încheia
folosi practica
povățui îndemna
sfătui îndemna
povățui recomanda
povățui sfătui
păți trage
bate trage
sfârși înceta
plesni pocni
pocni plesni
îndeplini înfăptui
înfăptui îndeplini
pedepsi penaliza
pedepsi sancționa
cunoaște suferi
dănțui juca
dănțui dansa
apune asfinți
apune coborî
apune dispărea
apune pleca
asfinți apune
asfinți coborî
asfinți dispărea
asfinți pleca
coborî dispărea
coborî pleca
scrie zugrăvi
potrivi veni
forfoti agita
foi clinti
transform face
schimb face
transform schimba
schimb preface
schimb transforma
mărunți fărâmița
mărunți sfărâma
sfărâm fărâmița
sfărâm mărunți
răzvrăti revolta
răzvrăti răscula
umple ocupa
năpădi umple
ocup umple
năpădi ocupa
căde dărâma
căde nărui
căde prăbuși
căde prăvăli
căde surpa
dărâm nărui
pic dărâma
dărâm prăbuși
dărâm prăvăli
dărâm surpa
nărui dărâma
pic nărui
nărui prăvăli
pic prăbuși
pic prăvăli
pic surpa
prăbuși dărâma
prăbuși nărui
prăbuși prăvăli
prăbuși surpa
prăvăli dărâma
prăvăli nărui
prăvăli prăbuși
prăvăli surpa
surp dărâma
surp prăbuși
surp prăvăli
plesni trosni
pocni trosni
emite elimina
emite emana
emite exala
aranj coafa
reface regenera
reface revitaliza
regăsi reculege
reculege regăsi
curăț purifica
purific curăța
împărtăși cumineca
cuminec împărtăși
atribui da
atribui reveni
atribui cădea
atribui incumba
pierde rata
pierde scăpa
trage încorda
suprapune coincide
suprapune încăleca
conduce ghida
strânge înșuruba
strivi zdrobi
zdrobi strivi
sărut pupa
pup săruta
ced îndupleca
duce rezista
dărui oferi
dărui da
coti vira
grăbi iuți
iuți zori
purific limpezi
limpezi purifica
sinchisi interesa
sinchisi păsa
luci lumina
bate luci
bate lumina
bate străluci
distruge spulbera
nimici spulbera
distruge desființa
scânci smiorcăi
smiorcăi scânci
lăs îndoi
lăs încovoia
lăs arcui
îndoi încovoia
îndoi arcui
încovoi îndoi
încovoi arcui
arcui îndoi
arcui încovoia
adăug lungi
spori lungi
înscrie înmatricula
înmatricul înscrie
crăp tăia
tăi crăpa
desluși distinge
desluși percepe
distinge desluși
distinge percepe
percepe desluși
percepe distinge
șterge dispărea
retipări reedita
retipări republica
pângări viola
pângări profana
readuce reface
readuce restabili
reface readuce
reface restabili
restabili readuce
restabili reface
atârn pleoști
domoli înfrâna
domoli struni
struni înfrâna
bate ciomăgi
desface rupe
desface strica
rupe strica
extrage lua
sări sălta
curge șiroi
oglindi reflecta
îndes înghesui
îndes îngrămădi
îndes îmbulzi
îndes strânge
înghesui îndesa
înghesui îngrămădi
înghesui îmbulzi
înghesui strânge
îngrămădi îndesa
îngrămădi înghesui
îngrămădi îmbulzi
îngrămădi strânge
îmbulzi îndesa
îmbulzi înghesui
îmbulzi îngrămădi
îmbulzi strânge
strânge îndesa
strânge înghesui
strânge îngrămădi
strânge îmbulzi
epuiz extenua
epuiz istovi
epuiz secătui
epuiz slei
epuiz stoarce
epuiz vlăgui
istovi epuiza
istovi extenua
istovi secătui
istovi sfârși
istovi slei
istovi stoarce
istovi vlăgui
secătui epuiza
secătui extenua
secătui istovi
secătui sfârși
secătui slei
secătui stoarce
secătui vlăgui
sfârși extenua
sfârși istovi
sfârși secătui
sfârși slei
sfârși stoarce
sfârși vlăgui
slei epuiza
slei extenua
slei istovi
slei secătui
slei sfârși
slei stoarce
slei vlăgui
stoarce epuiza
stoarce extenua
stoarce istovi
stoarce secătui
stoarce sfârși
stoarce slei
stoarce vlăgui
vlăgui epuiza
vlăgui extenua
vlăgui istovi
vlăgui secătui
vlăgui sfârși
vlăgui slei
vlăgui stoarce
căptuși izola
arde pârjoli
pârjoli arde
pârjoli mistui
mistui pârjoli
pietrui pava
legăn clătina
legăn balansa
legăn hâțâna
legăn pendula
balans legăna
balans clătina
balans hâțâna
balans pendula
pendul legăna
pendul clătina
pendul balansa
pendul hâțâna
scuti învoi
zdruncin tulbura
tulbur zdruncina
tulbur zgudui
zgudui tulbura
întâlni regăsi
regăsi întâlni
înălț umfla
ridic umfla
umfl înălța
umfl ridica
adânci înfunda
speri intimida
retrage refugia
atinge săruta
înfund obtura
răcni striga
răcni țipa
răcni urla
răcni zbiera
buimăci zăpăci
îmbunătăți îndrepta
îmbunătăți ameliora
îndrept îmbunătăți
îndrept ameliora
amelior îmbunătăți
amelior îndrepta
ocărî ponegri
trece transforma
prăbuși împotmoli
scurge strecura
strecur scurge
învârti roti
roti învârti
absorbi înghiți
izbi zvârli
lovi zvârli
răsfrânge reflecta
tângui geme
târâi târî
târî târâi
doborî trânti
măcelări masacra
conduce însoți
conduce întovărăși
conduce petrece
însoți întovărăși
petrece însoți
întovărăși însoți
petrece întovărăși
sfârși încheia
ajunge atinge
atinge ajunge
folosi întrebuința
folosi utiliza
roti întoarce
învârti întoarce
întoarce învârti
neliniști tulbura
neliniști zăpăci
zăpăci îngrijora
percepe înțelege
prinde înțelege
percepe pricepe
percepe sesiza
prinde percepe
pricepe percepe
pricepe sesiza
prinde pricepe
prinde sesiza
conchide conclude
conclude conchide
conține îngloba
conține cuprinde
cuprinde conține
deduce înțelege
potrivi merge
naște ivi
apăre naște
ivi naște
apăre ivi
înapoi întoarce
întoarce înapoia
întoarce reveni
beli jupui
ațipi moțăi
ațipi picoti
moțăi picoti
ațipi dormita
introduce vârî
duce cădea
mulțumi satisface
pironi țintui
reface reconstitui
reconstitui reface
rosti ține
închipui imagina
imagin închipui
muri râvni
defect deregla
defect strica
deregl defecta
deregl strica
stric defecta
stric deregla
îngrijor alarma
îngrijor alerta
îngrijor tulbura
alarm îngrijora
alarm alerta
alarm neliniști
alarm tulbura
alert îngrijora
alert alarma
alert neliniști
alert tulbura
neliniști alarma
neliniști alerta
tulbur îngrijora
tulbur alarma
tulbur alerta
tulbur neliniști
atribui conferi
atribui acorda
alcătui forma
înveseli bucura
înveseli binedispune
bucur înveseli
bucur binedispune
binedispune înveseli
binedispune bucura
parcurge străbate
parcurge traversa
tunde tăia
gândi raționa
arde incinera
găsi fi
imagin gândi
închipui gândi
gândi imagina
gândi închipui
echip îmbrăca
echip înveșmânta
aminti cita
aminti menționa
aminti semnala
pomeni semnala
crește spori
concepe procrea
face procrea
concepe zămisli
concepe face
face zămisli
exist găsi
preface prelucra
reface schimba
reface transforma
încord tensiona
tension încorda
ader lipi
ader prinde
lipi prinde
prinde lipi
cere dori
cere pofti
cere voi
dori pofti
dori voi
pofti voi
pofti vrea
voi vrea
face lua
dăscăli dojeni
dăscăli moraliza
dăscăli mustra
dojeni dăscăli
dojeni moraliza
sprijini secunda
transmite zice
spune transmite
opri stagna
face deveni
preface deveni
face transforma
servi folosi
convinge decide
convinge determina
convinge face
convinge hotărî
convinge îndupleca
decide determina
decide face
decide hotărî
decide îndupleca
face hotărî
face îndupleca
hotărî îndupleca
redobândi recâștiga
oferi propune
grăi vorbi
satisface împlini
satisface îndeplini
împlini îndeplini
îndeplini împlini
atac roade
mânc roade
clădi înălța
construi înălța
face înălța
zidi înălța
clădi construi
clădi dura
clădi face
clădi ridica
clădi zidi
construi clădi
construi dura
construi face
construi ridica
construi zidi
face ridica
face zidi
descrie înfățișa
descrie reda
descrie zugrăvi
descrie reproduce
zugrăvi înfățișa
reproduce înfățișa
reproduce zugrăvi
reproduce reda
abține evita
promov lupta
atinge impresiona
atinge mișca
mânui manipula
mânui manevra
blagoslovi binecuvânta
împletici șovăi
împletici bălăbăni
bălăbăni șovăi
bălăbăni clătina
bălăbăni împletici
îmbin împreuna
împreun îmbina
crede conta
spune trece
dezvălui trece
dezvălui spune
dezvălui divulga
reîntoarce reveni
înapoi reîntoarce
reîntoarce înapoia
exprimă transmite
face schimba
imagin înfățișa
închipui vedea
dezminți nega
dezminți tăgădui
mișc emoționa
atinge emoționa
bântui obseda
bântui urmări
menține susține
cumpăni contrabalansa
cumpăni echilibra
răsuci strâmba
smuci îmbrânci
reține înfrâna
reține struni
deschide întinde
deschide desface
desface deschide
alege opta
hotărî alege
hotărî opta
conferi decerna
atribui decerna
dezlănțui stârni
stârni dezlănțui
cuveni merita
bandaj pansa
pans bandaja
ivi apărea
arăt ivi
ivi arăta
depăși devansa
depăși întrece
abate călca
abate contraveni
abate încălca
abate nesocoti
abate viola
contraveni călca
contraveni încălca
contraveni nesocoti
contraveni viola
nesocoti încălca
nesocoti viola
croi tăia
sări țopăi
produce stabili
propune stabili
stabili înființa
propune înființa
abate devia
arăt ridica
ridic arăta
aminti evoca
ivi miji
iți miji
ivi iți
iți ivi
prăbuși trânti
trânti prăbuși
prăvăli trânti
apăre arăta
devi abate
sparge sfărma
topi dizolva
topi șterge
topi estompa
topi întuneca
dizolv topi
dizolv șterge
dizolv estompa
dizolv întuneca
șterge topi
șterge dizolva
șterge estompa
șterge întuneca
întunec topi
întunec dizolva
întunec șterge
întunec estompa
așez situa
așez pune
situ așeza
situ pune
pune așeza
pune situa
reveni întoarce
angaj însărcina
angaj obliga
oblig angaja
oblig însărcina
acoperi parcurge
acoperi străbate
cere peți
păzi proteja
păzi salvgarda
face împlini
hui răsuna
hui vui
repune reface
repune repara
reface repune
reface repara
smulge înăbuși
dezamăgi eșua
dezamăgi greși
încolăci învârti
încolăci roti
încolăci răsuci
învârti încolăci
învârti răsuci
roti încolăci
roti răsuci
răsuci încolăci
răsuci învârti
răsuci roti
bate învinge
face realiza
învârti foi
foi învârti
introduce băga
vârî băga
vârî introduce
opri închide
stăvili închide
opri stăvili
aduce coborî
aduce înjosi
coborî înjosi
azvârli lepăda
năuci zăpăci
buimăci tulbura
năuci tulbura
buimăci năuci
juc distra
juc amuza
distr juca
distr amuza
amuz juca
amuz distra
îndeletnici atinge
atinge îndeletnici
agit zbuciuma
frământ zbuciuma
zbucium agita
zbucium frământa
ciupi smulge
retrimite returna
retrimite reveni
retrimite întoarce
reveni retrimite
reveni returna
crește mări
spori mări
introduce interpune
interpune introduce
descurc descâlci
descâlci descurca
birui depăși
birui înfrânge
birui învinge
răzbi birui
depăși birui
depăși înfrânge
depăși învinge
răzbi depăși
înfrânge birui
înfrânge depăși
înfrânge învinge
răzbi înfrânge
învinge birui
învinge depăși
învinge înfrânge
răzbi învinge
reconstrui reface
reface reconstrui
alcătui construi
strunji învârti
răsuci strunji
copleși îneca
acoperi îneca
înăbuși îneca
copleși înăbuși
acoperi înăbuși
acoperi copleși
reține rezerva
deschide ivi
apăre deschide
ivi deschide
adun strânge
strânge aduna
scul ridica
ridic scula
intr înrola
izbi plesni
izbi pocni
lovi plesni
lovi pocni
dispers despărți
dispers risipi
despărți dispersa
risipi dispersa
risipi despărți
desface extinde
atribui merge
atribui duce
duce da
tolăni lâncezi
tolăni lenevi
lâncezi lenevi
lenevi lâncezi
fugi goni
fugi zbura
goni zbura
rezolv clarifica
atrage captiva
atrage absorbi
absorbi captiva
absorbi atrage
trânti îngrămădi
aplec pleca
înclin pleca
plec înclina
liniști înfrâna
liniști struni
prinde înțepeni
dur întinde
dur prelungi
prelungi ține
deveni transforma
domoli alina
potoli alina
calm alina
calm îmblânzi
alin domoli
alin potoli
alin calma
alin îmblânzi
alin liniști
îmblânzi domoli
îmblânzi potoli
îmblânzi calma
îmblânzi alina
îmblânzi liniști
liniști alina
liniști îmblânzi
culege lua
culege strânge
înfrân domina
înfrân stăpâni
înfrân reține
domin înfrâna
domin stăpâni
domin reține
stăpâni înfrâna
stăpâni domina
stăpâni reține
reține domina
reține stăpâni
primi prelua
înnod lega
leg înnoda
obține înregistra
face înregistra
face obține
înscrie înregistra
zvârcoli zbate
zbate zvârcoli
roade eroda
roade răsufla
roade uza
uz eroda
uz roade
uz răsufla
pluti sta
izbucni năpusti
izbucni năvăli
pâlpâi tremura
pâlpâi vibra
nimici sparge
pieri stinge
alege desemna
alege învesti
alege pune
pune învesti
cloncăni cotcodăci
cotcodăci cloncăni
reduce scurta
corespunde reprezenta
corespunde echivala
împărți scinda
împărți fragmenta
împărți stratifica
fragment împărți
fragment scinda
fragment stratifica
stratific împărți
stratific scinda
stratific fragmenta
pătrunde trece
cont aștepta
căr duce
plec căra
duce căra
compromite discredita
răsuci zvârcoli
cere solicita
undui văluri
diminu estompa
diminu pierde
pierde estompa
pierde diminua
lecui obloji
depune înainta
produce publica
făgădui promite
strădui căzni
dispune decreta
deschide oferi
crede considera
crede socoti
aduce produce
face produce
rade răzui
răzui rade
rosti spune
rosti zice
consider uita
socoti uita
isprăvi încheia
chibzui cântări
cântări chibzui
găzdui oploși
compune forma
mârâi îmbufna
bodogăni îmbufna
mârâi bosumfla
bodogăni bosumfla
bodogăni mârâi
duhni puți
supune ceda
respinge renega
distruge zdrobi
nimici zdrobi
însufleți recrea
însufleți revigora
învior recrea
învior revigora
dezlănțui declanșa
dezlănțui isca
dezlănțui izbucni
dezlănțui porni
dezlănțui irupe
isc declanșa
isc dezlănțui
isc porni
isc stârni
porni izbucni
stârni izbucni
izbucni irupe
porni declanșa
porni dezlănțui
porni isca
porni stârni
porni irupe
stârni declanșa
stârni isca
stârni porni
stârni irupe
irupe izbucni
folosi servi
folosi sluji
prăbuși cădea
prăbuși eșua
conchide deduce
conchide încheia
deduce încheia
hărțui hăitui
hăitui hărțui
duce pleca
vinde căuta
cere căuta
vinde cere
corespunde răspunde
chibzui cugeta
gândi chibzui
gândi cugeta
părăsi pleca
induce pricinui
sprijini servi
contribui sprijini
servi sprijini
contribui servi
oferi plăti
atinge pătrunde
atinge apropia
atinge accede
atinge cuprinde
ajunge pătrunde
accede pătrunde
cuprinde pătrunde
ajunge apropia
ajunge accede
ajunge cuprinde
accede atinge
accede ajunge
accede apropia
accede cuprinde
reînsufleți reînvia
reînsufleți renaște
renaște reînsufleți
renaște reînvia
dobândi realiza
cere reclama
pretinde reclama
omorî ucide
deosebi diferenția
conduce pilota
iscodi observa
iscodi spiona
stingheri întrerupe
batjocori compromite
batjocori dezonora
batjocori necinsti
batjocori terfeli
compromite dezonora
compromite necinsti
compromite terfeli
necinsti terfeli
aduce chema
constrânge condamna
cere comporta
cere impune
impune necesita
impune pretinde
întinge înmuia
deosebi diferi
deosebi varia
diferi varia
agonisi aduna
agonisi economisi
restitui înapoia
restitui reda
lâncezi stagna
lâncezi trena
domoli încetini
hăitui vâna
expune exprima
expune formula
păți primi
primi păți
acord pune
d pune
disprețui desconsidera
poposi așeza
plesni sparge
agonisi acumula
agonisi face
agonisi strânge
economisi face
economisi strânge
face strânge
lărgi mări
mări lărgi
mări întinde
mări extinde
întinde mări
extinde mări
atinge tulbura
pătrunde tulbura
socoti vedea
privi vedea
socoti înțelege
privi înțelege
privi socoti
îngrozi înfricoșa
îngrozi înspăimânta
înspăimânt îngrozi
înspăimânt înfricoșa
înspăimânt alarma
înspăimânt speria
alarm înspăimânta
alarm speria
alarm îngrozi
speri înspăimânta
speri alarma
speri îngrozi
îngrozi alarma
îngrozi speria
ochi ținti
alege repartiza
înec scufunda
scufund îneca
cuceri ocupa
burduși îndesa
burduși ticsi
ticsi îndesa
aținti îndrepta
afund scufunda
submerge afunda
submerge cufunda
scufund afunda
submerge scufunda
târî trage
trage târî
cere ruga
lungi mări
mări lungi
mări prelungi
prelungi mări
desface dezlipi
desprinde dezlipi
dezlipi desface
dezlipi desprinde
dezlipi detașa
induce insufla
rezist ține
bate freca
stânjeni stingheri
stânjeni împiedica
stingheri stânjeni
stingheri împiedica
atinge mângâia
fugări goni
aminti indica
dezvolt mări
mări dezvolta
raport referi
opri suspenda
ademeni momi
ademeni tenta
amăgi ispiti
amăgi momi
amăgi tenta
ispiti momi
ispiti tenta
momi tenta
bănui presupune
bombăni cârti
percepe încasa
strânge încasa
percepe strânge
ajunge obține
arunc zvârli
zvârli arunca
zvârli repezi
repezi zvârli
ambal împacheta
concentr dedica
dedic concentra
ciocni izbi
ciocni lovi
izbi ciocni
lovi ciocni
lovi izbi
form contura
contur forma
cheli pleșuvi
separ disocia
separ rupe
despărți disocia
despărți rupe
rupe separa
rupe despărți
rupe disocia
doborî distruge
doborî răpune
doborî înfrânge
distruge doborî
distruge răpune
distruge înfrânge
răpune înfrânge
merge păși
gândi crede
gândi opina
crede opina
trage proveni
trage veni
birui nimici
nimici înfrânge
birui da
încercui înconjura
abstrage ignora
abstrage omite
restitui returna
scoate salva
scoate scăpa
chivernisi economisi
faliment ruina
înălț clădi
înălț zidi
ridic clădi
ridic zidi
zidi clădi
zidi ridica
pârî turna
sinucide omorî
omorî sinucide
desfide înfrunta
prescrie prevedea
prescrie stipula
împiedic poticni
poticni împiedica
ridic suspenda
suspend ridica
curge revărsa
scurge revărsa
sustrage subtiliza
sustrage șterpeli
învălui ascunde
ascunde învălui
arunc da
d arunca
învârti trăi
prăbuși pica
ascunde masca
ascunde tăinui
adapt ajusta
adapt potrivi
ajust adapta
ajust potrivi
potrivi adapta
potrivi ajusta
obține scoate
reduce simplifica
simplific reduce
umple înfunda
îndeletnici lucra
ocup îndeletnici
îndeletnici ocupa
fugări izgoni
potrivi nimeri
potrivi brodi
nimeri potrivi
nimeri brodi
brodi potrivi
brodi nimeri
închei închide
închei sfârși
închei termina
închide încheia
închide sfârși
închide termina
sfârși închide
termin încheia
termin închide
călăuzi îndruma
călăuzi învăța
instal statornici
instal plasa
statornici instala
statornici plasa
plas instala
plas statornici
încrede bizui
încrede baza
bizui încrede
bizui baza
baz încrede
baz bizui
rechem redeștepta
rechem trezi
trezi redeștepta
decide influența
hotărî influența
otrăvi învenina
învârti suci
suci învârti
frânge rupe
frânge sparge
rupe frânge
rupe sparge
sparge frânge
sparge rupe
întruni reuni
reuni întruni
depune preda
revizui revedea
bâzâi zbârnâi
bâzâi zumzăi
zbârnâi zumzăi
zumzăi zbârnâi
diger mistui
diger asimila
mistui digera
mistui asimila
asimil digera
asimil mistui
agonisi ține
produce surveni
produce veni
nimeri reuși
ajunge nimeri
ajunge reuși
despărți divorța
sfărâm sparge
cinsti cadorisi
trat cinsti
trat cadorisi
cadorisi cinsti
cadorisi trata
îmbăt ameți
ameți îmbăta
ameți înnebuni
urmări viza
croi lua
repezi sări
ciuguli ciupi
ciupi ciuguli
face săvârși
comite face
comite săvârși
bănui suspecta
dilu îndoi
dilu lungi
dilu subția
îndoi dilua
îndoi lungi
îndoi subția
lungi dilua
lungi îndoi
lungi subția
subți dilua
subți îndoi
subți lungi
consolid întări
întări consolida
distruge mistui
mistui nimici
îmboldi îndemna
potrivi prinde
întrerupe suspenda
suspend întrerupe
tăvăli rostogoli
rostogoli tăvăli
profeți proroci
proroci profeți
amuți tăcea
muți tăcea
antren angrena
iuți grăbi
păt mânji
mânji păta
clăti curăța
reține ridica
osândi pedepsi
respinge recuza
conduce guverna
impune taxa
pătrunde înțelege
minți înșela
duce ieși
conduce ieși
trage împușca
fi întruchipa
fi juca
unelti urzi
urzi unelti
întreb interesa
interes întreba
pârî spune
bubui detuna
bubui trăsni
dori urmări
dori intenționa
afund înfunda
cufund înfunda
înfund adânci
înfund afunda
înfund cufunda
face rezulta
pârî reclama
jefui prăda
absorbi trage
trage înghiți
izbucni țâșni
pătrunde penetra
pătrunde străpunge
povățui îndruma
sfătui îndruma
răzbate răzbi
răzbate străbate
răzbate străpunge
răzbate trece
răzbi răzbate
răzbi străbate
răzbi străpunge
răzbi trece
străbate străpunge
străbate trece
străpunge străbate
străpunge trece
stabili statornici
statornici stabili
duce transfera
duce muta
trimite transfera
duce trimite
străpunge sfredeli
sfredeli străpunge
sări zvâcni
convinge da
sprijini susține
sprijini ține
susține sprijini
trage îndura
suferi trage
deține poseda
deține stăpâni
menține întreține
menține păstra
deștept scula
deștept trezi
scul deștepta
scul trezi
trezi deștepta
trezi scula
hămăi lătra
deschide opera
crește prăsi
trece trăi
trăi trece
culc iubi
iubi culca
osteni trudi
ieși încheia
ieși sfârși
ieși termina
cocoț cățăra
înscrie înrola
dezamăgi decepționa
dezamăgi deziluziona
transmite da
d transmite
desface plasa
desface vinde
târgui tocmi
tocmi târgui
înțelege conveni
învoi înțelege
înțelege învoi
sui urca
târgui certa
tocmi certa
cert târgui
cert tocmi
comport purta
purt comporta
reuși trece
arde înregistra
pufni sufla
atinge leza
jindui năzui
jindui râvni
jindui ținti
năzui râvni
năzui ținti
râvni ținti
face seduce
găzdui primi
acumul înmagazina
acumul aduna
acumul concentra
acumul strânge
adun înmagazina
adun acumula
adun concentra
concentr înmagazina
concentr acumula
concentr aduna
concentr strânge
strânge înmagazina
strânge acumula
strânge concentra
încetini întârzia
deranj osteni
osteni deranja
hurui hui
hurui vui
hui hurui
asmuți întărâta
amăgi păcăli
amăgi prosti
amăgi înșela
păcăli prosti
păcăli înșela
prosti păcăli
prosti înșela
canoni căzni
canoni chinui
canoni forța
canoni munci
canoni necăji
canoni osteni
canoni sforța
canoni sili
canoni strădui
canoni trudi
canoni zbate
căzni canoni
căzni chinui
căzni forța
căzni munci
căzni necăji
căzni osteni
căzni sforța
căzni sili
căzni strădui
căzni trudi
căzni zbate
chinui canoni
chinui căzni
chinui forța
chinui munci
chinui necăji
chinui osteni
chinui sforța
chinui sili
chinui strădui
chinui trudi
chinui zbate
forț canoni
forț căzni
forț chinui
forț munci
forț necăji
forț osteni
forț sili
forț strădui
forț trudi
forț zbate
munci canoni
munci căzni
munci chinui
munci forța
munci necăji
munci osteni
munci sforța
munci sili
munci strădui
munci trudi
munci zbate
necăji canoni
necăji căzni
necăji chinui
necăji forța
necăji munci
necăji osteni
necăji sforța
necăji sili
necăji strădui
necăji trudi
necăji zbate
osteni canoni
osteni căzni
osteni chinui
osteni forța
osteni munci
osteni necăji
osteni sforța
osteni sili
osteni strădui
osteni zbate
sili canoni
sili căzni
sili chinui
sili forța
sili munci
sili necăji
sili osteni
sili sforța
sili strădui
sili trudi
sili zbate
strădui canoni
strădui chinui
strădui forța
strădui munci
strădui necăji
strădui osteni
strădui sforța
strădui sili
strădui trudi
strădui zbate
trudi canoni
trudi căzni
trudi chinui
trudi forța
trudi munci
trudi necăji
trudi osteni
trudi sforța
trudi sili
trudi strădui
trudi zbate
zbate canoni
zbate căzni
zbate chinui
zbate forța
zbate munci
zbate necăji
zbate osteni
zbate sforța
zbate sili
zbate strădui
zbate trudi
crește sări
rugini coroda
corod rugini
remarc distinge
remarc evidenția
ajunge deveni
face ajunge
cifr ridica
ridic cifra
călăuzi conduce
călăuzi ghida
călăuzi orienta
conduce călăuzi
conduce orienta
ghid călăuzi
ghid conduce
ghid orienta
orient călăuzi
orient conduce
orient ghida
d culca
întinde da
întinde culca
culc da
culc întinde
deschide trezi
schimb îngroșa
îngroș schimba
podi pardosi
pardosi podi
d ieși
ieși da
măcăi măcăni
măcăni măcăi
parcurge trece
întoarce schimba
repezi brusca
bate trepida
depărt distanța
distanț depărta
lăs așterne
reduce rezuma
rezum reduce
mișc porni
mișc urni
porni mișca
porni urni
urni mișca
urni porni
opinti sforța
învârti descurca
descurc învârti
bălăci scălda
înveseli însenina
înveseli dispune
dispune înveseli
dispune însenina
vinde plasa
plas vinde
obișnui acomoda
glosă notă
respinge înceta
descoperi dezvălui
descoperi divulga
dezvălui da
dezvălui descoperi
croncăni cârâi
cârâi croncăni
ascunde adăposti
adăposti ascunde
însufleți învia
răsuci rula
rul răsuci
înmuguri îmboboci
îmboboci înmuguri
culege recolta
profeți prognostica
profeți pronostica
profeți profetiza
proroci prognostica
proroci pronostica
proroci profetiza
lepăd debarasa
despărți împărți
divide împărți
despărți divide
despărți diviza
despărți scinda
despărți secționa
divide despărți
divide diviza
divide scinda
divide secționa
divide separa
chinui roade
chinui frământa
clocoti fierbe
oloi unge
descotorosi rupe
rupe descotorosi
dizolv rupe
rupe dizolva
răsădi transplanta
citi învăța
citi studia
rupe termina
termin rupe
fi proveni
trage fi
împletici fâstâci
împletici încurca
fâstâci împletici
fâstâci încurca
încurc împletici
încurc fâstâci
aprinde da
învoi conveni
învoi împăca
întrerupe închide
închide întrerupe
fi veni
descotorosi înlătura
însuși asimila
însuși învăța
admite presupune
admite spune
admite zice
presupune spune
presupune zice
decurge desfășura
decurge evolua
crede presupune
chinui tortura
stingheri încurca
stânjeni încurca
stingheri supăra
stingheri tulbura
stânjeni supăra
stânjeni tulbura
însuși cuprinde
prinde încheia
fi studia
face studia
fi învăța
face învăța
fi urma
face urma
zăngăni zdrăngăni
zăngăni zornăi
zdrăngăni zăngăni
zdrăngăni zornăi
zornăi zăngăni
zornăi zdrăngăni
pune însărcina
răsuci împleti
presupune socoti
urmări urma
face merge
face parcurge
face străbate
merge parcurge
merge străbate
cere revendica
pretinde revendica
abate depărta
abate îndepărta
depărt abate
îndepărt abate
îndepărt depărta
reîncepe relua
extinde expanda
expand extinde
fortific concentra
concentr fortifica
admite recunoaște
cloci urzi
cloci scorni
scorni urzi
crâcni protesta
oglindi înfățișa
oglindi reprezenta
crește ridica
expune etala
expune întinde
redescoperi regăsi
regăsi redescoperi
despăduri defrișa
impune triumfa
boți mototoli
mototoli șifona
boți șifona
expune explica
apuc prinde
apuc agăța
prinde apuca
agăț apuca
căsători cununa
cunun căsători
împunge înțepa
prăbuși ceda
călări încăleca
călări monta
minun mira
mir minuna
argăsi tăbăci
răspunde satisface
răspunde întoarce
adeveri confirma
adeveri atesta
confirm adeveri
confirm atesta
atest adeveri
atest confirma
confrunt întâlni
întâlni confrunta
încreți cuta
încreți mototoli
cut încreți
cut mototoli
mototoli încreți
mototoli cuta
folosi profita
reînnoi repeta
reciclare refolosire
refolosire reciclare
abate da
abate trece
sădi înfige
privi uita
rotunji împlini
rotunji îngrășa
împlini rotunji
împlini îngrășa
înscrie intra
înscrie încadra
încadr înscrie
îmbâcsi înfunda
strecur fofila
furiș fofila
îndrăgosti amoreza
amorez îndrăgosti
rămâne stărui
înfierbânt aprinde
aprinde înfierbânta
înțelege avea
ave înțelege
feedback retroacțiune
încuraj îmbărbăta
refolosi reutiliza
interpune media
interpune mijloci
mijloci media
ieși pleca
blitzkrieg război-fulger
fierbe infuza
chicoti hlizi
sugrum gâtui
sugrum strangula
garnisi orna
ologi schilodi
gunoi îngrășa
include subsuma
doborî tăia
îndărătnici încăpățâna
răsuci curba
curb răsuci
curb încovoia
încovoi curba
produce scoate
degener atrofia
jecmăni jefui
jefui jecmăni
ciufuli răvăși
îndoi întoarce
întoarce îndoi
dijmă zeciuială
dijmă desetină
desetină zeciuială
desetină dijmă
scoate îndepărta
scoate înlătura
pocni bufni
bufni pocni
chicoti zâmbi
chicoti surâde
mânji noroi
potopi scălda
potopi umple
scrânti luxa
lux scrânti
curge supura
miorlăi mieuna
înăduși asuda
înăduși transpira
fierbe spuma
fierbe spumega
încercui împresura
stropi unge
coagul închega
încheg coagula
domestici îmblânzi
mărunți pasa
rări spația
unge vopsi
spoi unge
spoi vopsi
revărs răspândi
răspândi revărsa
adânci extinde
lipsi lăsa
încurc băga
încurc lua
lu băga
lu încurca
mânji trânti
adun mobiliza
mobiliz aduna
dezbate discuta
dezbate diseca
izol separa
separ izola
îndepărt înstrăina
desfund destupa
destup desfunda
ciripi trăncăni
ciripi turna
trăncăni turna
îndrăci înrăi
înrăi îndrăci
ghiftui îndopa
ghiftui îmbuiba
îndop ghiftui
îndop îmbuiba
îmbuib ghiftui
îmbuib îndopa
contopi unifica
descompune dezintegra
prăbuși izbi
izbi prăbuși
include număra
cotrobăi căuta
cotrobăi răscoli
cotrobăi scormoni
cotrobăi scotoci
cotrobăi umbla
răscoli scormoni
răscoli scotoci
răscoli umbla
scormoni scotoci
scormoni umbla
scotoci scormoni
scotoci umbla
cuprinde încăpea
cuprinde merge
merge încăpea
încord întinde
întinde încorda
amărî învenina
amărî otrăvi
laminare laminat
laminat laminare
smuci zbate
zbate smuci
bârlog vizuină
năuci orbi
înarm militariza
precipit decanta
horcăi sforăi
frânge fractura
fornăi pufni
asupri tiraniza
presupune înțelege
descui deschide
desface descânta
bate duce
croi spinteca
găuri perfora
perfor găuri
îngădui permite
orient apuca
apuc orienta
supune asculta
supune urma
scormoni scurma
scormoni sfredeli
sfredeli scormoni
sfredeli scurma
ofili fana
ofili stinge
fan ofili
fan stinge
stinge ofili
stinge fana
ajunge ieși
îndrept redresa
slăbi încetini
băși pârțâi
pârțâi băși
scăp scurge
intui presimți
dezice retracta
fi merge
duce fi
agăț cățăra
hârâi zdrăngăni
hârâi scrâșni
scrâșni zdrăngăni
lu scoate
scoate lua
mări înteți
năpădi potopi
cerne sorta
cerne tria
speti istovi
istovi speti
prooroci profeți
profeți prooroci
introduce iniția
cerne strecura
ondul încreți
încreți ondula
îngrozi oripila
pătimi trage
miji ivi
cupl împerechea
hăhăi hohoti
hohoti hăhăi
aerisi ventila
pârâi trosni
ciufuli zbârli
calculat chibzuit
calculat socotit
chibzuit calculat
chibzuit socotit
desface deșuruba
biciui ciomăgi
aduce introduce
găsi situa
situ găsi
desăvârși perfecționa
teme tremura
irosi strica
rage zbiera
acoperi tăinui
suplini înlocui
sili încerca
strădui încerca
sili căuta
strădui căuta
râcâi zgâria
ascunde camufla
ascunde deghiza
primi întâmpina
defini specifica
defini delimita
face simula
decurge izvorî
decurge reieși
decurge rezulta
decurge urma
izvorî reieși
izvorî rezulta
izvorî urma
reieși rezulta
reieși urma
bubui tuna
bubui vui
azvârli împrăștia
azvârli prăpădi
azvârli risipi
prăpădi împrăștia
zvârli împrăștia
prăpădi risipi
prăpădi zvârli
face fermeca
face meni
face ursi
face vrăji
meni ursi
meni vrăji
ursi vrăji
dovedi mânca
concentr învârti
învârti concentra
cârmui conduce
conduce cârmui
ciufuli deranja
răvăși zăpăci
ciufuli zăpăci
remite încredința
remite înmâna
auzi afla
auzi ști
cârmi coti
cârmi vira
coti cârmi
lămuri lumina
limpezi lumina
rezem sprijini
sprijini rezema
umple îmbiba
umple impregna
îmbib umple
scormoni zgândări
deține închide
deține întemnița
deține încarcera
închide întemnița
închide încarcera
propti rezema
propti sprijini
rezem propti
sprijini propti
crește sui
crește urca
potopi îneca
necăji supăra
reveni reface
reface reveni
cuceri învinge
birui cuceri
răvăși încurca
pecetlui sigila
face practica
face profesa
face fabrica
birui înfrâna
birui stăpâni
înfrânge înfrâna
stăpâni înfrânge
învinge înfrâna
stăpâni învinge
clefăi plescăi
nesocoti neglija
întipări însemna
ademeni atrage
atrage ademeni
atrage momi
atrage tenta
frunzări răsfoi
interes preocupa
preocup interesa
smiorcăi miorlăi
răsplăti recompensa
licări pâlpâi
licări sclipi
licări tremura
pâlpâi sclipi
sclipi tremura
surprinde zări
surprinde sesiza
clipi licări
clipi scăpăra
clipi scânteia
licări scăpăra
licări scânteia
sclipi scăpăra
sclipi scânteia
împlini întregi
complini împlini
întregi împlini
complini întregi
restrânge restricționa
restrânge îngrădi
ciopli sculpta
ciopli tăia
ciopli săpa
contribui da
bărbieri rade
abține reține
reține abține
bronz înnegri
înnegri bronza
feri ocroti
feri păzi
feri proteja
ocroti păzi
ocroti proteja
nesocoti omite
menține rămâne
păstr menține
conține include
lipsi dispensa
lipsi renunța
domoli stăpâni
domoli stăvili
potoli stăpâni
potoli stăvili
stăpâni stăvili
stăpâni tempera
stăvili stăpâni
stăvili tempera
scopi steriliza
albi înălbi
împotrivi opune
greși păcătui
duce purta
acceler grăbi
zori grăbi
mulțumi încânta
mulțumi plăcea
ajunge egala
ajunge rivaliza
ridic ivi
ivi ridica
prevesti prezice
prevesti profetiza
prevesti proroci
prezice prevesti
prezice profetiza
prezice proroci
prezice vesti
proroci prevesti
proroci prezice
proroci vesti
chelălăi scheuna
schelălăi scheuna
stabili așeza
stabili instala
statornici așeza
așez stabili
așez statornici
așez instala
instal stabili
instal așeza
păcăli purta
duce păcăli
prosti purta
duce prosti
cere cerși
milogi cere
cerși cere
milogi cerși
redistribui realoca
circumscrie delimita
circumscrie limita
circumscrie demarca
păzi supraveghea
doborî întinde
doborî răsturna
trânti întinde
prezice prevedea
percepe prinde
descoperi prinde
prinde remarca
descoperi observa
descoperi remarca
izbăvi salva
propti susține
crăp sparge
sparge crăpa
opune obiecta
împotrivi obiecta
opune înfrunta
ciopli ciopârți
ciopârți ciopli
chinui supăra
potoli slăbi
domoli slăbi
domoli diminua
domoli scădea
domoli reduce
potoli scădea
potoli reduce
stăpâni slăbi
stăpâni scădea
reduce stăpâni
stăvili slăbi
stăvili scădea
reduce stăvili
slăbi tempera
reduce tempera
slăbi stăpâni
slăbi stăvili
slăbi scădea
reduce slăbi
corupe mitui
auzi asculta
compromite sabota
compromite submina
compromite contracara
evapor vaporiza
propune urmări
stinge înăbuși
compătimi căina
compătimi deplânge
compătimi plânge
exclude elimina
exclude înlătura
învârti orbita
domoli relaxa
domoli înmuia
îmblânzi înmuia
atrage fermeca
ademeni fermeca
crește încolți
schingiui tortura
căzni tortura
munci tortura
căzni schingiui
munci schingiui
împiedic lovi
poticni lovi
lovi împiedica
lovi poticni
distinge înnobila
dovedi stabili
dovedi susține
stabili susține
susține stabili
deosebi discrimina
distinge diferenția
distinge discrimina
depăși încorda
depăși forța
furiș șterge
furiș tunde
șterge furișa
șterge tunde
tunde furișa
tunde șterge
hărăzi hotărî
hărăzi orândui
hărăzi predestina
hărăzi rândui
hotărî hărăzi
hotărî meni
hotărî orândui
hotărî predestina
hotărî rândui
meni orândui
meni predestina
meni rândui
orândui predestina
nimici strivi
menține rezista
buși izbi
născoci plăsmui
născoci scorni
plăsmui scorni
călători merge
snopi stâlci
snopi zvânta
stâlci snopi
stâlci zvânta
duce transporta
culc lungi
lungi culca
alcătui compune
alcătui constitui
compune constitui
constitui compune
sustrage fofila
sustrage eschiva
decide fixa
fix decide
fix hotărî
hotărî decide
hotărî fixa
propune decide
propune hotărî
amestec băga
amestec vârî
vârî amesteca
compune crea
compune elabora
compune scrie
amestec combina
combin amesteca
doborî dărâma
atrage cuceri
atrage desfăta
atrage fascina
atrage încânta
atrage răpi
atrage subjuga
atrage vrăji
cuceri captiva
cuceri desfăta
cuceri fascina
cuceri încânta
cuceri răpi
cuceri subjuga
cuceri vrăji
răpi încânta
vrăji încânta
răpi subjuga
răpi vrăji
descâlci lămuri
descâlci desluși
desluși descâlci
opune protesta
amăgi atrage
atrage ispiti
atrage amăgi
bubui dudui
dudui vui
face institui
face stabili
institui stabili
strecur insinua
strecur infiltra
furiș insinua
furiș infiltra
huzuri lăfăi
amăgi purta
alege decide
ofili păli
veșteji păli
opri ține
expune istorisi
expune nara
expune povesti
expune relata
expune spune
istorisi nara
istorisi povesti
istorisi relata
istorisi spune
povesti relata
povesti spune
primi prinde
prinde primi
crește supraîncărca
mări ridica
mări supraîncărca
dărui înzestra
dărui dota
pune îmbrăca
pune purta
pune lua
lu îmbrăca
lu pune
produce realiza
expune prezenta
pricepe cunoaște
cunoaște stăpâni
pricepe stăpâni
stăpâni ști
ameți zăpăci
șterge fugi
domoli modera
mișc repoziționa
întrist îndurera
întrist mâhni
întrist amărî
întrist scârbi
mâhni îndurera
mâhni întrista
mâhni amărî
mâhni scârbi
amărî îndurera
amărî întrista
amărî mâhni
amărî scârbi
scârbi îndurera
scârbi întrista
scârbi mâhni
scârbi amărî
smulge stoarce
stoarce smulge
dăinui dura
menține dăinui
dăinui persista
dăinui rămâne
dăinui trăi
dăinui ține
menține dura
menține persista
menține trăi
rămâne trăi
rămâne ține
micșor reduce
reduce micșora
chibzui judeca
chibzui medita
chibzui reflecta
chibzui rumega
hărăzi sorti
hărăzi ursi
meni sorti
sorti ursi
erupe ieși
născoci ticlui
liniști ușura
hotărî sorti
hotărî ursi
orândui sorti
orândui ursi
rândui sorti
rândui ursi
mări încărca
mări umfla
introduce include
include introduce
desface slăbi
surprinde uimi
surprinde ului
abate muta
forțat obligat
cert ciorovăi
ciorovăi certa
ciorovăi sfădi
ciorovăi ciondăni
sfădi ciorovăi
ciondăni ciorovăi
dilat lărgi
dilat mări
lărgi dilata
mări dilata
revizui verifica
umple încărca
opri termina
stăvili termina
mărunți pisa
mărunți zdrobi
pune planta
pune sădi
distruge ruina
strânge încleșta
ocoli înconjura
căptuși închide
duce ține
răsti urla
apuc pune
pune începe
pune apuca
îngâmf infatua
îngâmf umfla
umfl infatua
umfl îngâmfa
conteni înceta
părăsi înceta
conteni întrerupe
părăsi întrerupe
conteni curma
conteni părăsi
instrui pregăti
merge urmări
nimici ruina
conteni opri
constrânge face
constrânge sili
face forța
face obliga
face sili
cuprinde împresura
năpădi împresura
cuprinde încercui
năpădi încercui
cuprinde năpădi
mierli deceda
mierli dispărea
mierli muri
mierli pieri
mierli răposa
mierli sucomba
muri pieri
muri răposa
muri sucomba
pieri răposa
pieri sucomba
locui popula
nutri hrăni
hrăni nutri
năpăstui oropsi
năpăstui persecuta
oropsi persecuta
stăvili îndigui
zăgăzui îndigui
stăvili zăgăzui
sprijini întreține
susține întreține
ascunde umbri
reconstitui reconstrui
reconstitui reclădi
reconstrui reconstitui
reconstrui reclădi
reface reclădi
reclădi reconstitui
reclădi reconstrui
reclădi reface
înrăutăți agrava
făli fuduli
făli lăuda
făli mândri
făli îngâmfa
fuduli făli
fuduli lăuda
fuduli mândri
fuduli îngâmfa
fuduli împăuna
mândri făli
mândri fuduli
mândri lăuda
mândri îngâmfa
mândri împăuna
atinge plesni
plesni împinge
atinge împinge
descotorosi lepăda
lepăd descotorosi
sclipi străluci
străluci sclipi
aprinde porni
găzdui ține
primi ține
face urina
categorisi predica
exclude îndepărta
sparge fărâmița
propovădui populariza
propovădui propaga
propovădui răspândi
copleși încărca
interzice opri
aservi înrobi
aservi subjuga
aservi supune
supune înrobi
supune subjuga
bombăni îndruga
molfăi îndruga
mormăi îndruga
bombăni molfăi
bombăni mormăi
bombăni îngăima
molfăi mormăi
molfăi îngăima
mormăi molfăi
mormăi îngăima
desluși explica
înrăutăți degenera
înrăutăți deteriora
deterior înrăutăți
deterior agrava
proscrie surghiuni
liniști stăvili
liniști înmuia
potoli înmuia
stăvili înmuia
înmulți procrea
reproduce procrea
înmulți reproduce
reproduce înmulți
asupri oprima
asupri exploata
asupri împila
asupri oropsi
asupri persecuta
asupri prigoni
oropsi împila
prigoni împila
oropsi oprima
oropsi prigoni
prigoni persecuta
face găti
face pregăti
face prepara
găti prepara
înmulți prăsi
prăsi înmulți
prăsi procrea
prăsi reproduce
reproduce prăsi
jertfi sacrifica
robi subjuga
permite încuviința
îngădui încuviința
tângui jeli
tângui văicări
jeli tângui
jeli văicări
văicări tângui
văicări jeli
învoi consimți
flecări melița
flecări pălăvrăgi
flecări sporovăi
flecări trăncăni
pălăvrăgi sporovăi
pălăvrăgi trăncăni
sporovăi trăncăni
depune vărsa
pune vărsa
dori jindui
dori râvni
dori tânji
jindui tânji
râvni tânji
cârpi petici
gâfâi pufăi
gâfâi sufla
pufăi sufla
potrivi seta
găuri străpunge
reconstrui remodela
înăbuși sufoca
sufoc înăbuși
lenevi trândăvi
sustrage înhăța
sustrage înșfăca
străpunge înțepa
înzdrăveni întrema
deschide porni
înăbuși asfixia
sufoc asfixia
retransmite relua
retransmite redifuza
adun întruni
strânge întruni
întruni aduna
întruni strânge
depăși trece
bălăngăni balansa
balans bălăngăni
deschide iniția
deschide înființa
împrejmui închide
împrejmui înconjura
împrejmui îngrădi
închide împrejmui
închide înconjura
închide îngrădi
îngrădi împrejmui
îngrădi închide
îngrădi înconjura
împietri încremeni
împietri înlemni
împietri înmărmuri
împietri înțepeni
încremeni împietri
încremeni înlemni
încremeni înmărmuri
încremeni înțepeni
înlemni împietri
înlemni încremeni
înlemni înmărmuri
înlemni înțepeni
înmărmuri împietri
înmărmuri încremeni
înmărmuri înlemni
înmărmuri înțepeni
înțepeni împietri
înțepeni încremeni
înțepeni înlemni
înțepeni înmărmuri
desfășur întinde
întinde desfășura
urc cățăra
admite suporta
admite tolera
întinde șterge
șterge întinde
netezi îndrepta
apăr feri
apăr păzi
apăr proteja
feri apăra
păzi apăra
păzi feri
protej apăra
protej feri
protej păzi
opri rezerva
porunci spune
porunci zice
sfinți sanctifica
ciripi cânta
însoți asocia
însoți coaliza
însoți grupa
însoți uni
întovărăși asocia
întovărăși coaliza
întovărăși grupa
întovărăși uni
asoci însoți
asoci întovărăși
asoci coaliza
asoci grupa
asoci uni
grup însoți
grup întovărăși
grup asocia
grup coaliza
grup uni
uni însoți
uni întovărăși
uni asocia
uni coaliza
uni grupa
găuri sfredeli
afurisi blestema
afurisi damna
strivi turti
turti zdrobi
potrivi proporționa
presupune prezuma
lovi străfulgera
cuprinde străfulgera
cuprinde lovi
afurisi anatemiza
investi plasa
investi vârî
răzgândi reveni
bufni izbi
bufni bate
bate izbi
bate bufni
împăciui împăca
tipări trage
trage tipări
dibui detecta
dibui prinde
gândi intenționa
gândi vrea
înfige împlânta
vârî înfige
vârî împlânta
cântări însemna
cântări conta
răspunde replica
domoli înăbuși
potoli înăbuși
părtini privilegia
părtini proteja
cinsti considera
cinsti onora
cinsti respecta
cinsti stima
alcătui întocmi
alcătui redacta
alcătui elabora
grup strânge
strânge grupa
exclude împiedica
baz întemeia
baz sprijini
sprijini întemeia
sprijini baza
ascunde disimula
ascunde înăbuși
iscăli semna
iscăli subscrie
iscăli subsemna
subscrie semna
subscrie subsemna
aboli desființa
aboli suprima
expune primejdui
expune periclita
expune risca
primejdui pune
pune primejdui
pune periclita
pune risca
aținti fixa
aținti pironi
aținti țintui
pironi ținti
ținti țintui
țintui ținti
însuși adopta
însuși îmbrățișa
împotrivi rezista
îngălbeni păli
bătători compacta
bătuci compacta
bătători tasa
bătători bătuci
bătuci tasa
bătuci bătători
arunc trânti
zvârli trânti
trânti arunca
trânti zvârli
trânti azvârli
azvârli trânti
preveni preîntâmpina
ploconi peria
peri linguși
ploconi linguși
ploconi gudura
gudur linguși
gudur ploconi
contrapune contrabalansa
omorî suprima
bodogăni murmura
bombăni murmura
bodogăni bombăni
bodogăni mormăi
bombăni bodogăni
mormăi murmura
sări țâșni
descoperi detecta
acri fermenta
acri înăcri
înăcri fermenta
înăcri acri
acidul acri
acidul înăcri
desfide sfida
izvorî origina
izvorî proveni
duce fermenta
acri duce
înăcri duce
duce acri
duce înăcri
revolt răscula
revolt răzvrăti
introduce insera
denumi spune
numi spune
atrage plăcea
mândri triumfa
trage întinde
obișnui apuca
învăț apuca
deprinde apuca
apuc obișnui
apuc învăța
apuc deprinde
înfrunt întâlni
înfrunt întrece
înfrunt confrunta
întâlni înfrunta
întâlni întrece
întrece înfrunta
întrece întâlni
întrece confrunta
confrunt înfrunta
confrunt întrece
îngrijor păsa
păs îngrijora
atrage implica
atrage cere
cere implica
coti face
face vira
împreun împerechea
cicăli dăscăli
cicăli sâcâi
dăscăli sâcâi
zădărî întărâta
retrage retracta
retrage reveni
retrage renunța
reveni retracta
reveni retrage
reveni renunța
linguși măguli
găsi judeca
furiș târî
strecur târî
târî fofila
târî furișa
târî strecura
copleși prinde
bâjbâi dibui
izbi trânti
poticni împletici
împletici poticni
restabili restaura
restabili reinstaura
restabili reinstitui
reinstitui restaura
reinstitui restabili
reinstitui reinstaura
istovi seca
secătui seca
sfârși seca
slei seca
stoarce seca
cârpi coase
cârpi prinde
cârpi țese
coase cârpi
coase prinde
coase țese
prinde țese
absolvi dispensa
desăvârși încheia
desăvârși sfârși
desăvârși termina
merge umbla
disprețui deprecia
îndrept întrema
îndrept înzdrăveni
înzdrăveni îndrepta
constitui însemna
fi însemna
constitui fi
constitui reprezenta
fi forma
fi reprezenta
păzi străjui
păzi veghea
străjui supraveghea
străjui veghea
stropi împroșca
slăbănogi debilita
slăbănogi slăbi
slăbănogi șubrezi
șubrezi slăbi
șubrezi debilita
șubrezi slăbănogi
menține perpetua
păstr perpetua
perpetu menține
perpetu păstra
relax destinde
linguși peria
măguli peria
devi îndepărta
avans contura
evolu contura
progres contura
împuternici însărcina
adeveri corobora
adeveri întări
impune reclama
impune solicita
rostogoli roti
roti rostogoli
indign dezgusta
expune hazarda
expune aventura
hazard expune
aventur expune
bâjbâi orbecăi
dibui orbecăi
pune programa
pune înscrie
program pune
program înscrie
înscrie pune
înscrie programa
deosebi excela
distinge excela
remarc deosebi
pironi înțepeni
pironi prinde
prinde pironi
coborî umili
înjosi coborî
înjosi umili
umili coborî
retrage pensiona
pension retrage
năvăli țâșni
năpusti țâșni
repezi țâșni
repezi năvăli
năpusti repezi
repezi năpusti
pândi spiona
pândi urmări
relax deconecta
dezvinovăți disculpa
disculp dezvinovăți
ciupi înțepa
dobândi încasa
primi încasa
supranumi spune
spune supranumi
prețui respecta
prețui stima
hoinări umbla
gândi plănui
gândi tinde
plănui tinde
iubi îndrăgi
iubi plăcea
porecli spune
ciocni tampona
izbi tampona
lovi tampona
tampon ciocni
tampon izbi
tampon lovi
deplânge deplora
bate lupta
bate război
lupt bate
lupt război
război bate
război lupta
stinge slăbi
diminu atenua
diminu stinge
stinge diminua
stinge estompa
stinge atenua
abate rătăci
opri sista
disprețui nesocoti
plănui proiecta
buși călca
buși da
arunc năpusti
năpusti arunca
repezi tăbărî
cerșetori cerși
cerși cerșetori
înnebuni înfuria
poci schimonosi
poci sluți
poci urâți
schimonosi sluți
schimonosi urâți
sluți schimonosi
sluți urâți
sâcâi zădărî
necăji zădărî
necăji sâcâi
sâcâi tachina
necăji tachina
despăgubi răsplăti
benchetui chefui
benchetui petrece
răspunde reacționa
apăr dezvinovăți
apăr disculpa
apăr justifica
apăr scuza
dezvinovăți apăra
dezvinovăți justifica
dezvinovăți scuza
disculp apăra
disculp justifica
disculp scuza
justific apăra
justific dezvinovăți
justific disculpa
justific scuza
scuz apăra
scuz dezvinovăți
scuz disculpa
scuz justifica
pătrunde străbate
ciondăni hârâi
ciorovăi hârâi
hârâi ciondăni
hârâi ciorovăi
hoinări rătăci
exclude elibera
curăți curăța
curăți jumuli
găuri înțepa
lipsi priva
lipsi văduvi
omite uita
desăvârși isprăvi
simți încerca
trăi încerca
simți trăi
citi scana
contrazice nega
contrazice dezminți
absorbi prinde
dori plăcea
desfăt delecta
dezrobi elibera
dezrobi slobozi
dezrobi emancipa
răsuci întoarce
suci întoarce
institui înființa
institui întemeia
lăcomi hăpăi
lăcomi devora
asoci înhăita
întovărăși înhăita
împlini înfăptui
înfăptui împlini
cere lua
impune lua
merge deplasa
d întâlni
descotorosi arunca
mărturisi recunoaște
admite mărturisi
zvârli sări
trăi îndura
trăi tolera
trăi înghiți
înghiți îndura
avans dezvolta
evolu dezvolta
progres dezvolta
bolborosi îndruga
bolborosi îngâna
bolborosi îngăima
bolborosi înghiți
înghiți îndruga
înghiți îngâna
înghiți îngăima
amorți înțepeni
stivui îngrămădi
desfide rezista
jefui sparge
mirosi presimți
paște păstori
păstori paște
păstori pășuna
jefui pustii
pustii prăda
birui doborî
copleși doborî
birui copleși
împodobi înfrumuseța
absorbi preocupa
izbândi izbuti
izbuti izbândi
izbuti reuși
numi însărcina
ticsi îmbulzi
ticsi înghesui
birui câștiga
birui izbândi
izbândi învinge
jefui tâlhări
iubi ține
mânji murdări
murdări mânji
izbi trăsni
face pricinui
face provoca
face stârni
pricinui produce
pricinui provoca
pricinui stârni
produce pricinui
produce provoca
produce stârni
prețui îndrăgi
îndrăgi ține
prețui ține
numi pune
aprinde înnebuni
introduce inaugura
presupune reclama
presupune însemna
arde prăji
mugi vui
roboti trebălui
flecări îndruga
pălăvrăgi îndruga
trăncăni îndruga
împrejmui încadra
separ segrega
zburd zbengui
hodorogi hurui
hurui hodorogi
abține înfrâna
abține stăpâni
înfrân abține
stăpâni abține
unge întinde
codi oscila
codi șovăi
codi ezita
redobândi recăpăta
redobândi reveni
reveni recăpăta
reveni recâștiga
reveni redobândi
goni îndepărta
izgoni îndepărta
erupe izbucni
preamări preaslăvi
preamări proslăvi
preaslăvi preamări
preaslăvi proslăvi
proslăvi preamări
proslăvi preaslăvi
destăinui dezvălui
destăinui divulga
destăinui mărturisi
destăinui spune
dezvălui destăinui
dezvălui mărturisi
redobândi recupera
ciocni contrazice
contrazice ciocni
locui sta
umple îndesa
burduși umple
ticsi umple
descrește atenua
scăde atenua
slăbi atenua
calm atenua
descrește calma
calm diminua
scăde calma
slăbi calma
descrește diminua
descrește slăbi
descrește tempera
diminu calma
scăde diminua
slăbi diminua
diminu tempera
scăde tempera
temper atenua
temper diminua
boci compătimi
boci deplânge
boci jeli
boci regreta
compătimi jeli
compătimi regreta
deplânge jeli
deplânge regreta
jeli regreta
luci sclipi
sclipi sticli
luci sticli
sticli sclipi
netezi nivela
nivel netezi
distribui împărți
distribui repartiza
azvârli da
diminu micșora
micșor diminua
întâlni uni
întâlni îngemăna
întâlni împreuna
uni îngemăna
îmbin întâlni
îmbin uni
îmbin îngemăna
împreun întâlni
împreun uni
împreun îngemăna
frige plesni
frige pocni
frige trosni
împinge îndemna
plezni plesni
plezni pocni
plesni plezni
pocni plezni
locui trăi
smulge trage
modific transforma
transform modifica
descrie reprezenta
făli grozăvi
fuduli grozăvi
grozăvi făli
grozăvi fuduli
grozăvi lăuda
scotoci scurma
cotrobăi scurma
pungăși înșela
pungăși păcăli
păcăli pungăși
cuprinde înfășura
cuprinde înveli
înveli învălui
cuprinde învălui
învălui înfășura
învălui înveli
îmboldi îmbărbăta
roade toci
toci roade
cârpi plesni
altoi cârpi
cârpi trosni
altoi plesni
altoi trosni
îmbogăți prospera
înavuți prospera
propăși prospera
îmbogăți propăși
înavuți propăși
găti orna
luci scânteia
codi pregeta
aduce cauza
aduce pricinui
aduce provoca
bate sufla
lovi trage
lovi trosni
trage trosni
trosni trage
acoperi așterne
preamări slăvi
trage tracta
bate suna
drăcui ocărî
drăcui sudui
ocărî sudui
biciui lovi
